'\'For sale: $2,750,000. 7.96 Acre "High Pines Farm", located in the Springfield Township panhandle of the Wissahickon Valley, is an extraordinary offering for a discerning buyer. Built 13 years ago, with a 3 mile unobstructed northwest view, and beautifully designed interior spaces, this home is "turnkey". The main entrance opens to a dramatic foyer that adjoins a formal dining room, a great-room, a library/office and a grand stair case to the second floor. The great room (the home\\\'s center piece) has a vaulted ceiling, skylights, fireplace and a wall of windows that repeat the natural light filled atmosphere throughout the property. The kitchen, fit for the most accomplished cooks, with a large granite island features a 6-burner Wolf range with griddle and 2 ovens, a built-in wine cooler and refrigerator, dishwasher, and ample cabinet and counter space. Next to the dining room are a large walk-in pantry and separate butler\\\'s pantry with an additional dishwasher and a built-in ice maker.  A secondary entryway (perfect for bringing in groceries) leads to a "mud" room with closets, a built-in desk, powder room, an exit to the rear deck and has access to the attached 3 car garage. There is an en suite bedroom on the first floor in the east wing.  An 1,800 square foot second story west wing master suite, with views of the valley from the bedroom, is exquisitely laid out and includes an exercise room, a dressing room with a large closet, 2 bathrooms and additional walk-in closets.  Additionally on the second floor, there are 3 bedrooms each with its own full bath.  The lower level has approximately 1,200 square feet of finished family room living space with a fireplace, kitchen area, full bath and french doors to a patio. There is approximately an additional 2,000 square feet of unfinished basement currently housing a woodshop, utility room, and storage space. There is 700 square feet of flex space with windows and recessed lighting located on the third floor.  This home offers random-width hardwood floors throughout, two staircases to the second floor and basement, side porch, 3 gas fireplaces, 1 wood burning fireplace, crown molding, recessed lighting, hardwired home stereo, fire alarm and sprinkler systems, 9 zoned HVAC, and an intercom. Additional amenities include a detached 2-car garage, in-ground pool, tennis court and horse corrals. Walk to the trails of Fairmount Park. Trains, buses, shopping, restaurants and major highways accessible.\''
'"For sale: $995,000. Delightful, 4 bed, 3.5 bath, single family, brick home located in the Southport Corridor, steps from the brown line. Positioned on a 30-foot wide corner lot with southeastern exposure, this home allows for abundant sunlight throughout. 1300 W Roscoe features a spacious kitchen with granite countertops, marble backsplash and upgraded stainless steel appliances. A finished lower level that is perfect for guests, with an additional bedroom and full bathroom is complimented by a large rec room.  3 spacious additional bedrooms upstairs, including an expansive master suite with a spa style master bath and private terrace overlooking the neighborhood.  This home boasts beautifully maintained oak floors, a 2 car garage and is move in ready. You couldn\'t ask for any more from this impeccable home in the Hamilton School District!"'
"'For sale: $29,500. Formally a rental / investment home, owner relocating.  Nice Street.  Great starter home or investment property.'"
"'For sale: $199,500. Beautifully Rehabbed Spacious 4 Bedroom Home in Hegewisch With Soaring 10 Foot Ceilings and Wood Floors On The Main Floor, Granite and Stainless Eat-In Kitchen, Granite Bath and Full Basement. Large Bedroom On Main Floor With 3 Bedrooms, Full Bath and Family Room On Second Floor. Property Includes Parking Pad For Three Cars and Full-Size Side Lot Included, Separate Pin. Conveniant Location Across From The Hegewisch Train Stop.'"
"'For sale: $567,000. Stunning newer construction 4 bed/3.1 bath Victorian style single-family home in coveted Irving Park neighborhood. Immaculately maintained home perfectly situated on quiet tree-lined dead end street! This large home is perfect for entertaining. Expansive floor plan offers formal living and dining rooms, eat-in kitchen with pantry, & family room all on the main level. Gorgeous kitchen is equipped with stainless steel appliances, granite countertops, peninsula island, and breakfast bar. Upper level has Master with en-suite bath featuring dual vanity, soaker tub & separate shower, 2nd & 3rd Bedrooms with shared Jack & Jill bath, and laundry. Fully finished lower level has large recreation room, 4th bedroom, full bath & plenty of extra storage. Enjoy summers on paver patio or front porch in beautifully landscaped yard. Energy efficient zoned HVAC. Walk to Metra, minutes to 90/94 & everything Old Irving has to offer.'"
'"For sale: $1,170,000. Stunning 5 Bed/ 4.1 Bath In The Heart Of Southport Corridor! Warm & Inviting Foyer Welcomes You To This Renovated Home Feat.Exquisite Crown Molding, Large Archways, Beautiful Hdwd Flooring & High Ceilings. Formal LR Offers Cozy FP & Open Sightlines to DR & Kitchen. Chef\'s Kitchen Showcases Expansive Cabinetry, SS Appliances Incl. Double Wall Ovens & Beverage Fridge, Granite Countertops & Breakfast Bar w/ Seating For Three. Breakfast Nook/ Addtl. Living Space Off Kitchen Leads to Gorgeous Brick Paved Patio w/ Lush Greenery & Rooftop Deck Over Garage-Perfect For Entertaining! Master Suite Boasts Spacious Sitting Room, Prvt Balcony, WIC & Spa Like Ensuite with Double Bowl Sinks, Relaxing Soaking Tub & Sep. Shower. Top Floor Offers Second Master Suite With WIC & Bathroom. 3 Addtl. Beds Have Ample Closet Space! LL has 2nd Living Space, Storage Room & FP. Located Right On Southport! Near Restaurants, Shopping, Saint Alphonsus & CTA! Top Rated Burley Elementary School District."'
"'For sale: $1,050,000. Experience this prestigious American Institute of Architects (AIA) award winning, internationally published Lakeview residence! Exhibiting the ultimate modern take on mid-century design, this home boasts a light-filled contemporary open floor plan, high ceilings, an activity loft, fireplace, custom gourmet kitchen with a large pantry, three bedrooms and two baths up, ample yet discrete storage, master suite with spa-like bath, spacious lower level with bathroom, living room and bedroom. A charming no-maintenance-needed turf outdoor space. Many LEED efficient features including: 2X6 construction, R19 & R38 insulation, rain-screen exterior wall assembly, and high-efficiency mechanicals. Excellent Southport Corridor location and Burley school district round out the complete package. A truly unique masterpiece!'"
"'For sale: $380,000. 3600 square feet of finish set back on nearly one acre of ground.    Plenty of room on lot to add exterior building for hobbyist too!   Open ranch concept with some really nice extras including: full walk in tiled shower in master, sliders to covered patio, walk up bar in basement, extra spigots on all sides of home and garage, front patio and mature trees already on lot. Very tough to find a home with all these wrapped into one parcel. Get in quick!'"
'"For sale: $213,500. You\'ll love this amazing 3 bedroom 2- story home in the popular River Woods development in Des Moines. It\'s a fantastic Hubbel Home built in July of 2017 with lots of upgrades. There\'s a nice entry foyer with a beautiful wood laminate floor that flows into the open living space that includes the living room, dining area and a fantastic kitchen. The entire area is bathed in natural sunlight. The kitchen includes stunning granite countertops and a subway tile backsplash. The just-like-new stainless kitchen appliances are included. You\'ll also appreciate the good-sized pantry. The dining area includes a slider to a large treated wood deck that overlooks the yard, enclosed with a privacy fence. There\'s a combination mud room and laundry between the kitchen and the 2-car attached garage. There\'s also a half bath with a stylish pedestal sink on this level. You\'ll discover the master bedroom on the upper level. It includes an en-suite bathroom with a walk-in shower and a large walk-in closet. There are two more bedrooms and another full bath on this level. The upper level bathrooms feature beautiful marble vanity tops. The lower level is unfinished however plumbing is stubbed in and there\'s an egress window should you decide to expand your living space. There\'s an ADT security system and a Nest thermostat for remote wifi operation. And take advantage of the six-year tax abatement (100% the first three years, 75% the fourth year, 50% the fifth year, and 25% the sixth year). this home is conveniently located, just minutes from the East Village and other downtown locations. You\'re also only a few blocks from the River Woods Elementary school. Don\'t wait to see this one. It won\'t be around for long. Call today."'
"'For sale: $144,500. Fourth floor Mulberry loft with parking and storage! Easy loft living in this unit including in-unit washer and dryer, walk-in tile shower, IKEA built-ins, flip-up dining table and balcony! The kitchen features cherry-colored cabinets, stainless appliances and black granite countertops. Smart living throughout with an IKEA storage unit/entertainment center dividing the living room and bedroom. Tons of storage space with IKEA mirrored closets and bathroom built-ins! This building features a rooftop patio, workout room and community area. Call today for a showing!'"
'"For sale: $214,900. Wow Don\'t miss your opportunity to own this Hubbell Home at an amazing price. This home features a large eat in kitchen, nice sized family room, and a large laundry room on the first floor. The second floor features a large master suite and additional bedrooms. Riverwoods is a quiet South Des Moines Community close to all amenities the City has to offer. Take advantage of the tax abatement program to make this home one of the most affordable homes in the Metro. Stop out and see the Hubbell Difference. $2,500 in Hubbell Bucks available for upgrades. Ask for details"'
'\'For sale: $340,000. 6-Year Tax abatement! This modern Ranch walk-out w/ 3 car garage is waiting for your family to call it "home!" 5 BR and 3 BA, perfect for a growing and/or multi-generational family. The main-level features an open concept living area w/hardwood floors leading into the kitchen w/granite counter tops, breakfast bar, gas range, soft-close drawers & walk-in pantry. The Master suite feat. walk-in closet, large soaking tub, tile shower & double vanities. Rounding off the main level is a spacious 2nd BR & full bath. In the LL there is a huge family room for entertaining family/friends w/wet bar. 3 great sized BRs with closets & a full bath. Wonderful feats. includes tankless water heater, "safe room", granite window sills, Anderson windows, 2X6 construction for a sound and sturdy structure sitting on Insulated Concrete Forms(ICF) foundation which offers thicker walls for more insulation and energy efficiency. Great location near new bike/walk trails, shopping, & Carlisle schools. Call today!\''
'"For sale: $235,000. No backyard neighbors- enjoy the view of the #2 green on Woodland Hills Golf Course.  This fantastic family home offers spacious floor plan perfect for entertaining and everyday living.  Kitchen provides ample working and storage space detailing granite counters, breakfast bar and wood laminate flooring.  All 4 bedrooms in this home are on the second floor with the master bedroom featuring his/hers closets and a private full bath.  The LL is a blank canvas awaiting your finishing touches and has a bath stub already in place.  Other key features include 9\' ceilings, main floor laundry, Pella Windows, fully fenced backyard.   Easy interstate access, minutes to shopping district in Ankeny or downtown Des Moines, and enjoy the benefits of super low property taxes within Polk County."'
"'For sale: $210,000. This stylish nearly new 4 bedroom Ranch home has a fully finished basement (Seller reports over 1000 finished SF in LL) with bedroom, family room and full bath. The upscale main level has vaulted ceiling, sliders lead to a stunning back yard, great landscaping, garden and deck. Seller reports you can save thousands of dollars with tax abatement still available. Home has 3 bedrooms on main level with master bedroom, master bath and walk in closet. Washer and dryer included. This exceptional home is a great value for over 2200 SF of finished living. Quiet family friendly new neighborhood, close to shopping, Easter Lake, Mall and much more. Call agent today for showing.'"
"'For sale: $144,900. Updated downtown condo in the Mulberry Lofts. Located minutes from Greys Lake, bike trails, lots of restaurants and Court Ave district. The kitchen has cherry-colored cabinets, stainless appliances and black granite countertops with lots of storage. High ceilings, balcony, bedroom, living area, tiled shower, in suite laundry and parking space make this condo move in ready. Rooftop patio, exercise area, community room with kitchenette and pool table also available.'"
"'For sale: $227,900. This is the very popular Merritt plan. Featuring 3 bedrooms up, large master w/ private full bath and a walk in closet. Raised ceilings in all bedrooms. Huge second floor laundry. Beautiful kitchen with maple cabinets and a pantry. Dinning area with sliders leading to a 10x12 patio. Custom wall colors throughout. Stainless steel appliances and laminate floors. Full basement with day light windows, egress window and bath stubbed in. Home is HERs rated, which means low utilities. Passive radon mitigation system installed. Radon testing and/or any mitigation to be paid for by the buyer. Agent has interest. 6 Year tax abatement! Similar to photos. Call to see stage of construction.'"
"'For sale: $274,900. Beautiful 4BR ranch in Carlisle schools! With over 2300 sq ft of finish, there is much to love! Vaulted great room with stone gas fireplace open to kitchen with granite countertops and all stainless appliances are included! Main floor laundry mudroom with high efficiency washer and dryer staying with home. Dining area with hardwood flooring and sliders to back deck. Master bedroom features tray ceiling and leads to bath with dual granite vanity. 2 additional bedrooms are each vaulted and have quick access to hall bath. Finished lower level features an amazing family/rec room with custom built in office nook, plus 4th bedroom and 3rd bath area. Massive storage/workshop area. 3 car attached garage. Sterling Trace neighborhood: super quick access to bypass, Easter Lake, and Ewing Park. Tax abatement remains on this home for your monthly savings! Certified Pre-Owned Home - this home has been pre-inspected and comes with a 13 month HWA Platinum Home Warranty for your peace of mind!'"
"'For sale: $350,000. Welcome home!  This beautiful four bedroom AND move in ready home on a desirable block in Pennsport is available! 124 Morris is a must see, that includes a fully finished basement, large backyard and private roof deck. From your new home, enjoy convenient access to Target, Acme, IKEA, South Helm, The Dutch AND many other great eateries. Your new home offers a great location for experiencing all the benefits of living in the city -- access to Interstate 95, multiple SEPTA routes, and the Indego Bike Share.  When entering the house, enjoy the abundance of natural sunlight.  In the living room area, walk through your own dining room, that opens into the kitchen. After viewing the kitchen, and large back yard, journey to the fully finished basement-- ideal for a home office, play area, or entertainment center.  The second floor has three nicely sized bedrooms, and a spacious cedar lined closet. The top floor is entirely for the master bedroom and truly sets 124 Morris apart from other properties.   The master bedroom includes a bathroom, and your own private roof access.   Schedule a tour, today!'"
'"For sale: $259,900. This gorgeous 2-story row with finished basement is a lovely home in a great location, and is ready to welcome its next owners. Light hardwood floors, recessed lighting, exposed brick, finished basement with washer/dryer, 1.5 bathrooms, and bright sunny rooms are just a few of the reasons you\'ll love this home. Step into the sun-soaked living room and you\'ll see straight back through the dining room and kitchen, which offer luxurious finishes and modern design. There\'s lots of built-in shelving throughout the home for clean, contemporary storage options. Natural light from large windows flood each room, and large closets throughout mean more storage and less clutter! The kitchen features stainless steel appliances, dark cabinets, granite countertops, a window over the sink and access to your private patio out back. There\'s a half bathroom just off the kitchen, along with the stairs to the basement den: finished with recessed lighting, wood floors, laundry closet and separate area for utility/storage. Exposed rafters are painted a muted charcoal, finishing this space off with a contemporary feel-- perfect for an office or studio! Upstairs, you\'ll find two cozy bedrooms and the full bathroom. The front bedroom is larger, with two double-door closets and large windows overlooking Sigel Street. The back bedroom is lovely, with lots of sun and ample closet space. Schedule your showing today!"'
'"For sale: $189,000. This 2 bedroom 1 bath home is located on great block where rehabbed homes are selling for close to $300,000.  On the main level is a large living room with hardwood floors, an open kitchen with an abundance of cabinet space, a breakfast bar and access to the rear patio.  There are two nice sized bedrooms with exposed brick and a spacious full bath on the second level.  The full basement is currently for storage and mechanicals.  Great location!  Close to BOK Bar and easy access to public transportation.  Don\'t miss this one!"'
'\'For sale: $340,000. This is a beautifully designed South Philly home in great East Passyunk Crossing. Completely renovated a year and a half ago, everything from the hardwood floors to the custom kitchen to the exposed brick walls in this place says "home". Features central heating/cooling, stainless steel appliances, recessed lighting, hardwood floors on first and second floors, lovely built-ins in the living room, tile features in kitchen and bathroom, finished basement with tile floor and half bath and laundry space, and a nice patio space for outdoor dining. The large walk-in closet can easily convert back into a bedroom by just taking down the shelving, or keep it for the convenience! With the Passyunk restaurant scene just a few blocks away and the spring season just starting, this property will be gone before you know it.\''
'"For sale: $315,000. With original charm galore, this-extra wide end-of-row is in a great location just off the Passyunk Ave strip. A stone\'s throw from some of Philadelphia\'s best restaurants, like Noord, Townsend and Laurel and new comers Mike\'s BBQ and Redcrest Fried Chicken, this home is in a prime foodie location. While the address is a bonus, the home itself is enough to win anyone over, with beautiful original hardwood floors, an enviable wide and open floorplan with an actual dining room, and vintage-cool kitchen and bathroom. Enter through a sweet vestibule with copper leaf ceiling into the large living room with recessed lighting and large front windows with pretty original millwork. This room flows into the huge dining room, which would make a great den/TV room for those who aren\'t inclined to cook. A wide opening leads to the bright and sunny kitchen, with fun retro cabinetry, sleek black countertops, countertop range and separate wall oven plus room to eat in or add prep space. The backyard is the perfect South Philly size, with space for planting, a side alley for bikes and room to chill when you\'re not out on the stoop. Head up the straight staircase to more lovely wood floors, great natural light and three nicely sized bedrooms?the middle room was opened up to create a den area; it could easily be converted back but take a cue from the tenants and use it as the perfect studio space. The front room is the largest and the clear master, with dual closets, huge windows overlooking pretty Mountain St and enough space for a vanity, exercise bike and then some. The bathroom is midcentury perfection, with black and pale yellow ceramic tile flooring, wall and tub surround, adorable and handy built-in shelving plus a skylight. It\'s got location, style and space; this sweet house is ready for the next owner to move right in and then maybe worry about paint colors later."'
'"For sale: $300,000. With original charm becoming a rarity these days, this lovely home within reach of everything on Passyunk Ave is like a breath of fresh air. The pretty hardwood floors with inlaid border and carved wood banister are a welcome sight, not to mention the decorative archway that creates a pretty visual divider for the living and dining areas without closing off the open floorplan. An extra-wide entry with transom leads to the eat-in kitchen, featuring bright white wood cabinets, butcher block countertops, a vaulted ceiling and a spacious layout with great natural light that would complement any design should the next owner decide to renovate. The nice-size rear patio is container garden-ready, and with Urban Jungle around the corner it will be Jungalow-worthy in no time. Admire all the greenery from the bigger-than-average rear bedroom with a large window overlooking the yard. The master is at the front and features a double-wide closet with bonus built-in cabinet. There\'s a door that connects the two, but both open to the hallway as well, with a large linen closet and decent-size bath at the rear. The basement offers a laundry area with utility sink and tons of storage space. The location is a no-brainer, being a stone\'s throw from some of Philadelphia\'s best restaurants, like Noord, Townsend and Laurel and newcomers Mike\'s BBQ and Redcrest Fried Chicken, and this sweet and sunny home is sure to win you over."'
'\'For sale: $325,000. If you subscribe to the old adage, "location, location, location", it really doesn\\\'t get better than this: East Passyunk! Marrying the very best of old and new, you\\\'ll love the neighborhood\\\'s traditional Old World roots coupled with a fun, contemporary feel not replicated anywhere else in the city. Recently named one of Food and Wine magazine\\\'s 10 Best Foodie Streets In America, you\\\'ll enjoy Passyunk Avenue\\\'s cutting-edge restaurants such as Fond, Birra and Stateside, bars such as Watkins Street Drinkery, the POPE and Stogie Joe\\\'s, and classics, Marra\\\'s and Mr. Martino\\\'s. You\\\'ll also find eclectic boutiques, coffee shops, vintage clothing stores, the best Italian bakeries, an urban garden store, yoga studios and a private specialty grocer. The summer is coming and Bok rooftop bar just around the corner is calling. Nestled on a quiet tree-lined street and just blocks from the center of the Square\\\'s bustling activity, hides 819 Moore Street. Enter into a 15\\\' wide sunny living room/dining room boasting hardwood flooring, built-in bookshelves and a convenient powder room. Then find a spacious, bright kitchen with vintage wood cabinets, subway tile backsplash, new Formica countertops, stainless steel appliances and room for a large dinner party. The spacious yard is private with built-in planters and is great for entertaining and dining al fresco. Upstairs you\\\'ll find three bedrooms and a lovely retro-inspired ceramic tile bath with white subway tile, a clawfoot tub and pedestal sink. This home is a stone\\\'s throw from all the best the city offers - summer is just around the corner so get your housewarming party invites ready!\''
"'For sale: $335,000. Welcome to this bright, open and spacious home located on a friendly low-traffic block in the vibrant East Passyunk neighborhood.  This wonderful home has beautiful hardwood floors throughout.  The large living room and dining area opens into a bright and cheerful eat in kitchen with crisp white cabinetry and rich butcher block countertops.   The spacious back patio will be a great spot for relaxing and entertaining.  The first floor also features a generously sized half bath and coat closet-- a rare find (in South Philly) to have both!  All three bedrooms upstairs are well sized and all have generous closet space.  The main bathroom is stylishly vintage.  Basement is clean and dry--perfect for storage or ready to be finished.   The furnace was new in 2014 and the sewer line was replaced in 2015.   This wonderful home is ideally located-- a short stroll to all of the famous restaurants and shopping of Passyunk Avenue, 2 blocks from the creative maker-spaces at Bok and 1 block from the lovely oasis of the EPX Community Garden.   It is a quick walk to the Broad Street subway line and major bus routes, convenient to major highways, and is a 10-15 minute bus/car/bike ride to Center City. Come visit and make this your home today!'"
"'For sale: $47,900. Excellent opportunity as a 2 bedroom rental or owner occupied property. In good condition. Owner is willing to make any necessary repairs. Area rentals can go as high as $850.'"
'"For sale: $68,000. Turn key 3 bedroom house is in good condition with an open floor plan. Newer Heater and hot water water heater. Don\'t wait to add this great rental to your portfolio. All offers will be presented, $2500 deposit and proof of funds will be required, AS IS addendum and buyer is responsible for u/o. Cash or hard money financing only. All offers will be presented. Deposit must be received within 24 hours and certified funds."'
"'For sale: $155,000. Stunning top to bottom spectacular rehab in Overbook.  This house will move fast!!'"
'"For sale: $629,000. Perfect combination of a charming historic townhome at the most sought after Washington Square West location. This three-story corner home has been renovated with the finest finishes while retaining the home\'s original character. The first floor features an open living area w/ exposed brick wall, pine trim stair cases, peg detailed pine floors, high ceiling  w/ crown molding, ceiling and wall recessed lighting, wood burning fireplace w/ brick hearth, large front and side bay window, built-in storage; New white kitchen is build with porcelain tile floor, self closing doors and drawers cabinets, vein pattern quartz counter top w matching wall glass tile, GE stainless steel appliance, Dowell commercial-grade kitchen faucet, Broan elite hood range. Second Floor is open bedroom/home office/living space, fireplace, built-in bookcase, storage closet, working station with dual pull board enclosed with elegant glass wood door, recessed lighting, and peg detailed pine floor. Adjoining is a luxuriously modern, over-sized bathroom with Albright Vanity Cabinet in Winter Gray, custom build-in cabinet, stylish tile tub, wall and floor. The third  floor features a master suite with light-filled bedroom, custom build closet with floor to ceiling storage and a bonus 2nd closet, a new bathroom with custom build-ins, tiled floor with matching tub and wall, front and side window. Steps lead to the private enjoyment of the bi-level roof deck overlooking the refreshing trees and the beautiful center city skyline. The newly finished full basement is street-accessible. Feature living space with tile floor, fire place and wet sink. Steps down lead to another section of the basement features the laundry room, utility room, wall closet and lot of custom build storages. Don\'t forget, this location is only minutes to Antique Row, Avenue of the Arts, Kimmel Center, world class shopping, finest restaurants and bars, local parks, grocery stores, pharmacies, dry cleaners, specialty shops  parking garages, hospitals?etc. This is a real gem in a fabulous location."'
'\'For sale: $639,000. Exceptional Opportunity to acquire a fabulous Philly icon "The Log Cabin House" or see the land value of a stretch of frontage with a corner addition in a exciting new community of special townhouses.  Property is being sold in "As Is Where Is" condition.\''
'"For sale: $429,900. Location! Location! Location! 823 N 5th St sits in the heart of Northern Liberties within walking distance to all of your favorite spots including the new Yards Brewery, North Bowl, Cantina, Standard Tap, Cafe La Maude, Honeys and so much more. This massive 2 bed/1 bath home sitting on a very wide 18 by 50 lot at approximately 1,655 sq ft will not disappoint with it\'s original character while having all of the modern updates of a new home. Walk into your foyer area that enters into your first living room/family room with original wide plank hardwood floors, faux fireplace and large windows that flood the first floor with natural light. Enter into your dining room area with plenty of entertaining space for the holidays, having friends and family over or a casual bbq in the spring and summer time. In the rear of the home you will find your updated kitchen with white shaker style cabinets, stainless steel appliances, granite counter tops, gas cooking and breakfast island for extra storage. The backyard is just off of the kitchen and is a tranquil oasis from city life with enough room for entertaining a large group of family and friends this summer. On the second level you will find another very large living/family room with faux fireplace, wide plank hardwood floors and built in storage areas. The full bath is located at the rear of the second floor and boast an absolutely gorgeous original mahogany vanity with marble floors, tub/shower combo and large linen closet. The first very generous sized bedroom is on the second floor and has yet another faux fireplace with original wide plank floors, current owner purchased a very large closet for the room as seen in the pictures, they\'re willing to leave for the next owners if they want it. Going up to the third floor you will find more built in storage as you\'re going up the stairs to the wide open third floor bedroom with a huge walk in closet and views of the city, the third floor has the potential to be an absolutely stunning master suite. The current owners have replaced the HVAC system, stack from street to basement, new kitchen, flat part of the roof is new, electric is updated and so much more!! Do not miss this one of a kind single family home in Northern Liberties, this home is an absolute must see if you\'re looking for space, natural light, outdoor space, low maintenance, updated everything and within walking distance to all of the best places Northern Liberties has to offer!"'
'"For sale: $400,000. In the hub of Northern Liberties sits a special home on a 100 foot lot that goes street to street with enormous potential and not to mention PARKING. You first enter into the living/dining room space with beautiful hardwood flooring. The eat-in kitchen sits nearby, giving the first floor a homey feel. On this floor, warm up by the gorgeous and fully-functioning fireplace. After venturing up the stairs, you are met with the two bedrooms on the second floor - all hardwood flooring as well, with a fireplace in one as well as small balcony giving this room a ton of character. On the third floor rests the third and fourth bedroom, one of which leads out to a small balcony - perfect for catching a breath of fresh air first thing in the morning! The basement which is semi-finished also has a functioning fireplace great for a man or woman cave and exits to the courtyard between the house and two-story garage. The 2nd floor of the garage could be converted into a work space or studio. There are countless ways to add your own personal touch to this home, and plenty of space to make magical memories with family and friends. As far as area goes, it\'s in Northern Liberties with plenty to do! You have Jerry\'s Bar a couple of doors down and 2nd St. a hop, jump and skip away with Dos Segundos, Rustic, Heritage, ACME, etc...you won\'t have to leave. If you do need to leave, the house is less than ten minute walk from the El getting you to Center City in about 10-15 min and easy access to I95."'
"'For sale: $182,500. Excellent opportunity for an investor or owner occupant looking to do some renovations. This 3 bedroom, 1 bath home is situated on a quaint and charming block in a prime location in Northern Liberties, only steps from the Piazza, Monarch, & all that the neighborhood has too offer. Close proximity to major highways, as well as just a short walk to the Girard station of the Market-Frankford Line for public transportation. Make your appointment today!'"
'"For sale: $265,000. Hey you creative types not scared off by a coat of worn paint or a small kitchen in need of an imaginative redesign!  Here\'s a move in ready NoLibs trinity on a quiet block between Liberty Lands Park and the Piazza.  This wide trinity with a winding staircase is ready for your updates.  But with an updated bathroom (with w/d), central air, original pine flooring and oak doors, there\'s no rush to renovate.  Crack open a few lagers on the private patio and plan your summertime projects.  Take the dog for a walk at Orianna Hill dog park or stop into Dmitri\'s for the city\'s best grilled octopus.  Great property for buyers looking to get into Northern Liberties at a reasonable price."'
"'For sale: $239,900. Welcome to this wonderful opportunity! This 3 story row home offering rear yard. As you enter you will find living room leading to eat in kitchen. The second floor boast 2 bedrooms with hallway bathroom and third level offers an additional 3rd bedroom. There is an unfinished basement. Property is close to transportation and restaurants. Make your appointment today!'"
"'For sale: $299,000. Location, Location, Location! This house is located just 1 block to SEPTA Market street transit Department of Immigration, and walking distance to UPENN hospital and university, Social Security Admin. Office, grocery stores, restaurants, banks and lots more. It is renovated with new hardwood floor, new kitchen cabinets, new ranges, new refrigerators, new washer & dryer.  Lots new constructions and development in the area will continue to increase the value of this property.  Cash offer on-ly!'"
'\'For sale: $369,900. A MUST SEE !!  Completely renovated, top to bottom, front to back, this gorgeous 3 bedroom home in desirable Powelton Village is not to be missed.  Walking in you\\\'ll notice the straight-through floor plan featuring beautiful dark hardwood floors,  crown molding, chair-rail trim and a modern open steel staircase with dark wood treds.  Continue through the living/dining room and you\\\'re greeted with an absolutely stunning kitchen.  Spacious layout, large kitchen island, all new stainless steel appliances including wine/beverage fridge, quartz countertops, under counter lighting, the list goes on.  The fist floor also has a half bath and access to a good sized, private rear yard.  Upstairs you\\\'ll find your 3 bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms.  The master bedroom features 2 large closets and it\\\'s own in-suite bathroom.  The second and third bedrooms are separated by the 2nd full bathroom.  Head all the way downstairs to the large finished basement with another half bath, brand new Samsung washer/dyer and a light and bright 12"x24" tiled floor.\''
"'For sale: $210,000. This Wiota Street property is in the middle of new construction. There are lots on both sides of the property that are not owned by the owner but could be great development. Close to U of Penn,Drexel University, L train, all transportation, restaurants, stores, 10 minutes from 30th Street Train Station, revitalizing area with continued development. Property is being sold as-is. Seller provides no warranties or guarentees.'"
'\'For sale: $30,000. Excellent Investment opportunity in West Philadelphia area! Located in Mill Creek subdivision of Philadelphia; this townhome built in 1925 features, three bedrooms, one hall bathroom, 15 x 56 lot, 990 sq ft. Enter into the living room with open space between the dining room, breakfast room and kitchen with an exit to a fenced rear yard. "This location is very walk-able with 86 score, excellent transit scoring 71 and biking score is convenient at 80. Buy and hold, add to your rental portfolio. Property is being sold in As Is Condition.\''
"'For sale: $64,900. Investors - Ambitious First Time Homebuyers! Jump on this three bedroom TLC opportunity in a rapidly developing area of West Philly. Property features an enclosed porch, spacious living room, spacious dining room, full kitchen, shed porch. Second floor boasts three almost equally large bedrooms, spacious bathroom.  Formerly finished basement has high ceilings, laundry room and  plumbing for a bathroom in the basement but needs fixtures. There is also and a cozy cement backyard. Property is sold as-is, where-is condition with loads of potential. Cash preferred.'"
"'For sale: $39,900. 3 Bedroom house in Kensington that need some rehab to make a rental, 3 bedrooms and one bath on second floor, new hot water heater and condition is average. First floor laundry and applianaces are included in this estate property sale, home offers good value All offers will be presented, $2500 deposit and proof of funds will be required, AS IS addendum and buyer is responsible for u/o. S Cash or hard money financing only. All offers will be presented. all deposit check must be received within 24 hours'"
'\'For sale: $33,500. Welcome to this wonderful opportunity. This home is 2 story row home offering front porch and rear yard. Main level offers living room, dining room and kitchen. Upper level boasts 2 bedrooms and hallway bathroom. Property is occupied and occupants are not to be disturbed or contacted under any circumstances. Interior inspections are not available and property is being sold as is. Bank of America, N.A. employees and employees" household members (including persons deriving their primary means of financial support from a Bank employee), and HTS business partners of the bank are prohibited from purchasing this property, whether directly or indirectly\''
"'For sale: $49,900. North Philly porch front large 3  bedroom house is in need of some TLC, property  has a formal dining room, newer heater and hot water heater, and will not take much to make it rent ready. Good condition All offers will be presented, $2500 deposit and proof of funds will be required, AS IS addendum and buyer is responsible for u/o.  Cash or hard money financing only. All offers will be presented.  Deposit must be received within  24 hours and certified'"
'"For sale: $365,000. Expanded trinity with a ton of character in a fantastic location.  Walk to work in Center City or University City, enjoy Rittenhouse Square, dine on South Street, jog the Schuylkill River trail, ride SEPTA\'s 40 Bus or Broad Street line.  Highly sought after Greenfield Elementary School Catchment Zone.  Living Room, Kitchen and Outdoor space on the first floor.  The Second floor features a spacious bedroom with good closet space and a built-in bookcase.  The bathroom is located on the second floor, and can be accessed from the hallway without entering the bedroom.  The third floor features an impressive master bedroom with high ceilings and natural light.  Basement features storage, laundry, and mechanicals. Priced to Sell; also listed for Rent ($2100/mo).  Home is currently tenant occupied until 5/31/2018 - pictures are from a previous listing."'
"'For sale: $475,000. A single home in the heart of West Mount Airy with a large yard and garage for under $500K is a very rare find in this market! An inviting wraparound porch welcomes you home and a long driveway and garage offers parking for you and your guests. Enter into an open living/dining room with gorgeous hardwood floors and original wood window frames and banister. The kitchen has built-in bench seating and plenty of storage space. Just off the kitchen is one of the best features of the home, a bright renovated sunroom with three walls of windows. This is an idyllic spot to enjoy a meal or sip your morning coffee, to relax and read a book with windows open and birds chirping outside, or to entertain guests. From here, enjoy the view of the spacious, beautifully landscaped yard and gardens with mature plantings and paths--your own private oasis. Beyond the kitchen, find a conveniently located powder room, first floor laundry, and pantry closets. The second floor offers 3 bedrooms and two full bathrooms, one en suite. The third floor has 2 additional bedrooms. The next owner may choose to add another bathroom to transform this into a great third-floor master suite. High efficiency split system air conditioning units throughout the home function like central air without the high utility costs. Other modern amenities include the furnace, 200 amp electric service, copper pipes, and internet hard wiring to all floors. The basement has high ceilings and is great for storage or work space, with potential for next owner to finish. Near Carpenters Woods, Goat Hollow Restaurant, Tiffin Indian restaurant, Weavers Way Co-op, two train stations and a bus route, and the glorious trails of the Wissahickon. Enjoy all that West Mount Airy has to offer!'"
'"For sale: $339,000. Charming W. Mt Airy twin with private, tree-lined oversized backyard and off-street parking. This light-filled home has 3 bedrooms, 1.5 baths and an updated eat-in kitchen with granite countertops. Features newer hardwood floors on first floor and high velocity central air. The first-floor laundry room includes utility sink and extra cabinet space. Freshly painted exterior and new decking enhance the wrap-around front porch. Plenty of storage room in the expanded bedroom closet and ample basement. Admire your backyard and flower gardens from the covered rear patio. Enjoy all the amenities of W. Mt Airy: you\'re just steps from Carpenter\'s Woods and an easy walk to Weaver\'s Way, High Point Cafe and two train stations."'
"'For sale: $365,000. Vintage Charm surrounds you as you enter this pristine 4 bedroom, West Mount Airy Home!  You will enter the Sundrenched Sunporch, perfect for quiet reading and garden view. You continue by entering the Livingroom through French Doors where the beautiful brick fire place greets you along with leaded-glass windows and original moldings, high ceilings, and well maintained hardwood floors. Kitchen has been updated with plenty of cabinet space as well as built in dishwasher, microwave and stone countertops. Plenty of space for eat in kitchen dining and large diningroom for more formal dining space. Large wooden deck can be entered from the kitchen for more outdoor dining and leisure. Second floor hallway has a beautiful skylight to greet you along with hardwood floors, spacious bedrooms or office space if needed. Basement has been finished into greatroom use although it was once used as in-law suite with separate entrance from the street. A must see to appreciate home. Close to Septa R8 Allens Lane train station, Allens Lane Art Center,   Wissahickon walking trails, shopping and much more.'"
'"For sale: $620,000. Would you like to upgrade your lifestyle? Imagine weekend BBQ\'s on your .73 acre level fenced and landscaped backyard with large trees and shrubs. It\'s a stone\'s throw to the bike and hiking trails in the Wissahickon Park with plenty of room to park your bikes and cars in your 2-car garage. You will enjoy cooking in your gourmet kitchen with granite countertops, cherry cabinets, stainless-steel Sub-Zero refrigerator, Viking six-burner stove and double oven. No more lugging the laundry down to the basement-- there is laundry set up in the powder room off the main floor bedroom. The entire house has gleaming hardwood floors. Upstairs the master suite has a walk-in double shower. There is a cedar closet to protect your woolens and a pull-down staircase to access the attic storage. The upstairs landing is a great spot for an extra desk or chair to look at the gently sloping front lawn. Two other bedrooms upstairs share the second full bathroom with shower and whirlpool tub. There is a separate entrance to your finished basement with wet bar and a third powder room. The workroom in the basement is a great spot for woodworking or other projects. The entire house has been impeccably maintained and freshly painted in warm colors. The location is fantastic-- walkable to Weaver\'s Way, the High Point cafe, and train stations. It\'s also an easy drive into Center City and the suburbs."'
"'For sale: $399,900. Formerly used for office space, 7300 Germantown Avenue is a corner property located in the heart of Mt Airy. Enter the home into a beautiful well lit sunroom waiting for your touch. Open the French style doors into the open living room, which boasts original hardwood flooring throughout. Flowing into the next room is the large dining room with enough space for a full table and chairs. This home has three bedrooms, including the master suite. Original hardwood flooring flows throughout the second level into each of the bedrooms. Throughout the home is one full bath and also a second full bath en suite. This property does come with one detached garage space located in the common driveway behind the property and down the walkway. We welcome your visit.'"
'"For sale: $1,475,000. Check out this rare opportunity to own a fully renovated home while living on a private lane in the quaint, much coveted French Village section of Mt. Airy, which dates back to 1924. Nestled among only a handful of Norman-style homes, this house was commissioned by famed developer George Woodward, PA Railroad pioneer Henry Houston, and built by renowned architect, Robert McGoodwin. Overflowing with sunlight, the house has 6 bedrooms, 5 ~ baths and original French doors in every room on the first floor. The comprehensive kitchen renovation in 2014 provided a chef\'s kitchen and the comfort for broad social interaction, a large dining, a spacious living room, an enormous family room and two offices. The master bedroom on the second floor, also completely updated in 2014, has a gorgeous bathroom, walk-in closet, and an original Juliet balcony. There is also a full guest suite and a full Jack and Jill bedroom set. There are hardwood floors throughout, built-in bookcases and many architectural details as well central air, a new furnace, a well maintained original slate roof and lots of fresh paint. A gigantic lot surrounds this beautiful home and includes two large patios and lovely mature plantings. Separate 2-car garage. A short walk to the train, Weavers Way, Carpenter Lane Woods and Fairmount Park. A 5 minute drive to the shops of Chestnut Hill; 20 minutes from Center City. Elbow Lane is a private road. Water and sewer are service by the City of Philadelphia. This is an exquisite home in a special place in a phenomenal neighborhood."'
"'For sale: $180,000. This is a corner property right outside of Cheltenham in East Oak Lane. It has a large backyard, recently resurfaced basement, and brand new High Efficiency heating system. This 5 Bed room Victorian style home has gorgeous woodwork throughout that is being professionally restored before the sale. The house needs to be remodeled with new appliances but the structure and highlights of the home are in excellent condition. This is a perfect home for a growing family or a savvy investor looking to wait on the value to increase.'"
"'For sale: $180,000. Wonderful Property with a finished basement, located in the very quiet section of west Oaklane section of Philadelphia. Very close to shopping centers, restaurants, public transportation, and minutes from 309 and Pa-Turnpike. Come make this wonderful property your new home and add your personal touch to it. Owner is very motivated!!!'"
"'For sale: $210,000. This spacious, move-in ready twin in West Oak Lane has been lovingly and meticulously maintained by its owners. Located on a tree-lined street this property has many updates. Enter through the side entrance to find hardwood flooring, recessed lighting, chair and base molding on the first level. Beautiful Hardwood floors flow throughout the spacious living room and dining room. The modern kitchen, has newer cabinets, stainless steel appliances and a breakfast bar open to the dining room. French doors lead from the kitchen to the large rear deck, wonderful for summertime grilling and relaxation. There are 2 large, sun-filled bedrooms on the second floor and a hall bath with jetted tub. The good-sized master bedroom includes an updated full bath. The large, finished walk-out basement  provides space for entertainment, a laundry room and powder room.  Other great features include an attached garage, rear driveway with parking for 3 cars, new water heater and new gas furnace. Conveniently located to shopping, restaurants, Center City, suburbs, and major highways.'"
"'For sale: $159,900. fully renovated townhouse in west oak lane with hardwood flooring, recessed lighting, all wood cabinets, stainless steel appliances, break fast bar, fully finished basement, rear deck central air'"
"'For sale: $189,900. Welcome to this 3 bed 2 full bath Twin home in West Oak Lane.  This home boast hardwood flooring throughout.  Enter this home to a center staircase in the foyer, look to your left to a large open living room, full of natural lighting from the abounding windows. On your right you will find a formal dining room, with chair rails that lead to the spacious eat in kitchen.  The second floor offers 3 sizable bedrooms all with custom closets for all your clothing needs. The 3 piece ,ceramic tile, hall bath offers a spa tub for relaxing after a long day.  This traditional Mt Airy home has 3 points of entry, with the front door, kitchen door and rear basement door.  The property has a full finished basement that is ideal for entertaining or an office with a full bath.  There is a separate laundry area with access to the attached garage and driveway parking.  This home is close to public transportation, the New Area Mall, and easy access to all major routes.'"
'\'For sale: $85,000. Attention Investors or Owner Occupants !!!Three bedroom home with great potential. Buy & Rent, Buy & Flip or Buy & Occupy. Located in the West Oak Lane section of Philadelphia. Close proximity to schools, shopping and transportation. Property is being sold "As-Is". Sellers will not make any repairs. Large home on a nice block that offers a brick exterior and small front lawn. Large living room that continues into the dining room. Large kitchen. Second floor offers three nicely sized bedrooms and full bathroom. Full unfinished basement. Schedule your showing today.\''
"'For sale: $255,000. Beautiful Build to Suit Custom Home by Kenric Fine Home. Several floor plans and finishes available. The shown plan in the pictures is a 4 bedroom 2.5 bath with large bedrooms and second floor laundry room. The owner suite is huge with a oversize owners closet. Several high quality semi-custom home floorplans available with high end finishes such as 42 inch cabinets, granite countertops and beautiful flooring. All floorplans can be slightly modified to fit buyers needs. Price shown reflects exact model.'"
'\'For sale: $29,900. Property sold in "As Is" condition. Buyers are responsible for City Certification.\''
'"For sale: $649,900. DON\'T TAKE TIME TO BUILD! This stunning NEWLY BUILT home in The Estates at Pinnacle has views of pond and golf course! Amazing custom finishes & upgrades throughout! In-law suite or bonus/game room with full bath & walk-in closet! Dramatic kitchen with eating area & morning room open to expansive great room w/fireplace, built-ins & wall of windows! Mud room w/built-in lockers, 1st flr laundry has custom dog bath w/glass shower doors & shower wand! Luxury master suite has soaking tub and steam shower! Huge finished lower level features recreation area, 6th bedroom, full bath, craft/workout rm! 3-zone heating/cooling, speaker sys, 3-car side-load garage, brick paver driveway & sidewalks. 300sf exposed aggregate patio, extended front porch overlooking 2+ acres of green space and much more!"'
'"For sale: $524,900. Stunning custom built Manor Home, located on a private cul-de-sac lot, backing to a wooded reserve!  This spacious home with open concept, features an over-sized great room with fireplace.  A \'\'Cook\'s Kitchen\'\' with granite counters, and stainless steel appliances!  4 bedrooms up are highlighted by the Owner\'s suite with sitting area, and \'\'spa-like\'\' bath. Other desirable features include:  full basement with rec room and home theater, first floor den/study, 3 car garage, composite deck and patio!  This home is also within a very short walk to Hannah Park!!  This is a 34.5 acre park that features tennis and basketball courts, a playground, ball diamond and walking trails. There is also plenty of green space, ponds, and \'\'catch and release\'\' fishing!  You\'ll Love where you Live!!"'
"'For sale: $94,900. Large 5 Bedroom and 1.5 bath house with Drive way and garage in rear of house, goes street to street, house is in good condition and need some tlc to make rent ready or move in. The Heater and hot water is newer and has nice sized rooms,All offers will be presented, $3500 deposit and proof of funds will be required, AS IS addendum and buyer is responsible for u/o. Seller will finance this property up to 3 years with 20% down. All offers will be presented. all deposit check must be received within 24 hours'"
"'For sale: $85,000. Great Condition'"
'"For sale: $129,000. Great opportunity for first time home buyers and/or investors.  Why pay more for rent when you can pay approximately $850 a month and actually own your home?  The property features two stories, 4-bedrooms, 1 bathroom with an additional bonus room! Freshly painted, laminate floors throughout, plenty of natural light, closet space, updated kitchen with subway tiles and updated cabinets.  The property sits on a double lot with approximately 3500 sqft with unlimited potential and with the right zoning to even increase the potential further! conveniently located in the Germantown section of Philadelphia, located near playgrounds, recreation park and LaSalle university.  Don\'t wait and schedule your showing TODAY!"'
'"For sale: $89,600. Great Starter Home, Everything New!!!! Totally Remodeled in last 3 months. Enclosed porch; ex-large living room/dining room combo; new eat-in kitchen w/outside exit to large rear yard; 3 large bedrooms w/new floors; lots of storage; full unfinished basement; some assist with full price offer; don\'t let this one go!!!  House is in a very good condition, but will be sold as-is. In order to get seller assist, buyer will be responsible for U&O."'
"'For sale: $129,900. Welcome to 5653 Blakemore Street! This property has been totally renovated with new windows, brand new kitchen with all new stainless steel appliances, refinished hardwood floors throughout, new plumbing, new electrical and new light fixtures. There is a decorative, non functioning fireplace in the living room. The property also features a full finished basement! This house is close to schools, public transportation and a public park and community center is just a block away!'"
"'For sale: $255,000. Beautiful Build to Suit Custom Home by Kenric Fine Home. Several floor plans and finishes available. The shown plan in the pictures is a 4 bedroom 2.5 bath with large bedrooms and second floor laundry room. The owner suite is huge with a oversize owners closet. Several high quality semi-custom home floorplans available with high end finishes such as 42 inch cabinets, granite countertops and beautiful flooring. All floorplans can be slightly modified to fit buyers needs. Price shown reflects exact model.'"
"'For sale: $625,000. Sophisticated w/ flat fenced yard + a To-Die-For kitchen w/ oversized island - granite - stainless - custom-glazed cabinets - First level master + guest suite/office/nursery - This home is designed w/ wonderful flow for busy families or elegant entertaining -- Family room w/coffered ceilings + built-ins -- Second level has Jack & Jill bath connecting 2 bdrms plus another bdrm(w/priv. bath) + bonus + a SECOND Unfinished Bonus + another full walk-up attic --20 mins. to RTP/Airport, 10 to Midtown/N.Hills'"
"'For sale: $339,900. SHOWINGS BEGIN SATURDAY! Beautiful 4 year old home with many upgrades throughout. Large kitchen with white cabinets, quartz countertops, and pantry. Hardwood floors throughout first floor. Gas fireplace in family room can be converted to wood burning. An abundance of windows offers lots of natural light. 3 bedrooms on 2nd floor with large loft. Spacious master suite with tray ceiling and walk in closet. Master bath boasts a soaking tub, double bowl vanity, private commode room, and tiled shower.  2nd floor laundry. Full basement with finished room offers brand new carpet (could be 4th bedroom), full bath, and wet bar. Premier lot that backs to green space. Walk to Elementary School! A must see!'"
'"For sale: $290,000. Open House Sunday 4/22 1-4. Amazing opportunity to get into the desirable Olentangy Meadows! Enjoy relaxing on the charming covered front porch, or watching the beautiful unobstructed view of the sunset out back. Along with a gorgeous view of a nature field, the back yard features a raised stamped concrete patio with a firepit & fruit trees w/ peaches, nectarines & plums! It\'s so private and beautiful! Come inside to stainless steel appliances, large bedrooms with huge walk in closets, and a soaring vaulted ceiling in the master retreat.  Amazing location being in Olentangy schools with Columbus taxes! Close to Polaris, Powell, Worthington and nearby freeway access. The couch in the front room is for sale."'
'\'For sale: $334,500. So much to see in this transformed home boasting with an abundance of light and finished with cultivation. Greeted by the covered front porch, you will find many spaces to enjoy throughout. On entry you discover an air and openness at the center of the home, with the dining area and kitchen basking in a wall of windows. White, 42" cabinets line the other wall, accented with a marble tile backsplash. A 10 ft granite island spreads out allowing plenty of space for seating. In addition, the kitchen is equipped with stainless steel appliances, featuring a 5-burner gas range. New hardwood floors extend across into a cozy living room decorated with the original fireplace and mantel. One of 3 full baths is featured on the first floor offering a custom bevel edged tilework design. The convenient laundry room finishes this level. Up the back second staircase to the second floor spotlighting the main bedroom with an oversized walk-in closet and another tastefully finished full bath with a dual sink vanity. A second bedroom and the 3rd full bath completes this space. Continue to the third floor which hosts three more spaciously sized bedrooms, all with unique architectural designs. Still more living space is found in the lower level; presenting a family room and a 6th bedroom or bonus room for an office, play room, whichever fits your family\\\'s needs. And yes...all this plus a rear yard. Other value added keynotes are: Low-E High Efficiency Windows, new Rubber Roof with warranty, new 200AMP Electric Service & wiring throughout, LED Recessed Lighting, new Water Service line, new basement Concrete Slab with French Drain and two Sump Pumps with warranty, two new C/A units, Heat Pump and Gas Heater. Be part of the #1 voted 2017 Neighborhood of the Year by Curbbed Cup.\''
'"For sale: $729,900. It\'s like being on vacation every day! Spectacular custom home, built in \'13, 5450 square feet of living space on 4 separate levels! Former model of Castlestone Homes features modern open floorplan on Main Level, accented w many windows for an abundance of natural light & views of the Swimming Pool & Backyard Patio. Chef\'s Kitchen/Eating Space, Wet Bar, Dining Room, Office/Den, Half BA & Laundry Room all on the Main Level. Great sized Owner\'s Suite has walk-out Balcony, His & Hers walk-in closets, Deluxe Owner\'s Bath w soaking tub & individual sink/vanity areas. Two bedrooms share Jack n Jill BA, 4th BR has Full BA en suite also. Upper Level Family Room, truly unique, is even more area for the family to share great times. Finished L/L w Theater Room & more! See photos for more descriptions"'
"'For sale: $109,900. Huge 5 Bedroom mini castle in a prime Germantown Location. Great Schools, Easy Access to River Drives, Charming Shops, Hospitals and Universities. Loaded with Potential for the experienced investor. Large Rooms, High Ceilings and exquisite wood working.'"
"'For sale: $249,900. NEW REDUCED PRICE!!! Excellent income producing mixed-use corner property including 5 units and a successful fully equipped laundromat business included in the sale. 2 commercial units currently fitted with a hair saloon/barbershop and a laundromat make up the ground floor with 3 residential apartments above (2x 1-bedrooms & 1x 2-bedrooms). Currently the 1-bedroom units are vacant and require some TLC. The laundromat features 18 commercial Maytag washers and 21 dryers. The property is currently underutilized, a savvy landlord can easily obtain a 18% cap with current expenses. Take advantage of an old church across the street being converted into a brand new community center adding traffic to the location. This property is a must to add to your property portfolio if you are looking for both passive and residual income.'"
"'For sale: $119,900. Property recently rehabbed from top to bottom, 3 Bedroom 1 Bath.'"
"'For sale: $255,000. Beautiful Build to Suit Custom Home by Kenric Fine Home. Several floor plans and finishes available. The shown plan in the pictures is a 4 bedroom 2.5 bath with large bedrooms and second floor laundry room. The owner suite is huge with a oversize owners closet. Several high quality semi-custom home floorplans available with high end finishes such as 42 inch cabinets, granite countertops and beautiful flooring. All floorplans can be slightly modified to fit buyers needs. Price shown reflects exact model.'"
"'For sale: $89,900. '"
'\'For sale: $55,000. Zoned RM1 Basic Permitted Uses: Single-Family, Two-Family, or Multi-Family Dwellings. Huge property 4 Bedrooms on 2nd level, 2nd bathroom in the Basement. Property has been cleaned out & ready for you. Property sold in "As Is" condition. Buyers are responsible for City Certification.\''
'"For sale: $179,000. Located on a quiet, tree lined street in Germantown, this warm and charming home is conveniently located to public transportation and highways. Queen Lane Train station is just blocks away and both Wissahickon Park and Kelly Drive are about a mile bike ride away. Enter into the spacious living and dining areas both with hardwood floors and faux fireplaces that currently frame TV\'s and artwork, and a bright, modern kitchen which includes a large double door refrigerator, smooth top electric stove, dishwasher, double sink, built in microwave, and large open pass through to the dining room. The second floor consists of three bedrooms, two carpeted and one with hardwood flooring, including a master bedroom with large closets and custom built in shelving. Completely updated bathroom with glass enclosed bath/shower, and a brand new skylight.Kitchen access to a clean, bright, carpeted workshop in the basement, complete with built in cabinets above the counter tops, and wide fire door that exits to bright, dry one car garage. The separate laundry/ utility room has addition storage capabilities and an out side exit to a driveway with room for two additional cars. A new roof, installed in March of 2018 comes with a ten year warranty."'
"'For sale: $439,000. Move right in! Recently updated large three story home in desirable Spring Arts/Loft District. 1321 Mount Vernon is situated between Fairmount and Northern Liberties, just 6 blocks from downtown. Enter the home to an open concept living room/dining room combo with hardwood floors, ample natural light, nooks, and a coat closet. The galley style kitchen has abundant storage, granite counters, shaker style cabinetry, stainless steel appliances and subway tile backsplash. Off the kitchen is an extra large private patio that backs up to a community garden! 2nd floor hosts a massive master bedroom with reclaimed wood feature wall, 2 closets, and master bath with frameless glass shower and designer double vanity. 3rd floor contains a large second bedroom with vaulted ceilings, a 3rd bedroom with reclaimed sliding barn door, and an additional full 3 piece bathroom. The basement is great for storage and laundry but has great height and could be finished to bring total living space over 2,000 sq feet. This home was just freshly painted and has a new concrete patio, all other updates were completed in 2013 including bathrooms, appliances, flooring, carpet, and central air/heating system. This location cannot be beat, nearby attractions include the Divine Lorraine, Bufad, Cafe Lift, Union Transfer, Osteria, Prohibition Taproom, the Broad Street Line and the highly anticipated Reading Viaduct Rail Park. Schedule your showing today!'"
"'For sale: $389,900. '"
"'For sale: $280,000. GREAT 1.5 STORY MI HOME. MOVE IN READY, WATER SOFTNER, WASHER AND DRYER STAY WITH THE HOME. PROTECTED GREEN BELT VIEWS, GRAND COVERED PATIO, AND NEW SOD. 2 LIVING AREAS (1 MAIN FAMILY AREA AND 1 GAMEROOM LOFT AREA). SECONDARY ROOM LOCATED AT THE FRONT OF THE HOME IS VERY LARGE! NORTHSIDE ISD AND NO CITY TAXES!'"
"'For sale: $135,000. Move-in ready 4 br and 3 bth house on a fully fenced 0.59 acre lot. Located in a quiet and peaceful neighborhood, this home is barely used!!! Built in 2016, metal roof, beautiful new tile floor and kitchen cabinets. Only 24 minutes away from downtown San Antonio, and just minutes away from Braunig and Calaveras Lakes!!!'"
'\'For sale: $160,000. Great starter Home with separated Studio can be rented for $350.00 on the back of property. This house is only 7 years old, close to High Way 281. Excellent for OIL workers. See it and make your offer before it is gone. Three beds and Two full Baths with room for many cars, trucks, boats or what have you. Owners said "sell it" so they will entertain all reasonable offers. Make it yours and enjoy the country living very close to the City!!! FOR SALE "AS IS"\''
"'For sale: $1,395,000. Luxurious Living in Champions Run Estates.  End of Cu-de-Sac lot with over 1 acre. Great views.  Three levels with three car garage.  Designed with Elevator structure in place.'"
"'For sale: $165,000. Check out this completely renovated adorable custom home! Perfect for first time home buyers or those that wish to live just outside city limits with no HOA! This home features an open floor plan, granite counter tops in kitchen and bathrooms and tile throughout the home. Come see this one today. Its priced to sell!'"
"'For sale: $540,000. Barely lived in and well maintained home! NEW ROOF 2017.Beautifully landscaped on a desirable GREENBELT lot. Huge covered outside living area with stone fireplace, gas grill and refrigerator. Open kitchen includes stainless appliances, gas cooking, a large island eating area and granite counter tops. Dual master suites one upstairs and one downstairs. You will love the abundance of upgrades including wood flooring, sprinkler system, water softener, plantation shutters, crown molding and so much more!'"
"'For sale: $169,900. Immaculate, beautiful, well maintained home close to Lackland.  Nice and spacious entry way with an office/study or workout room by front door. Ceiling fans in bedrooms and living room.  Stainless Steel Appliances (Frigidaire). Spacious kitchen with a large breakfast bar.  Tile black splash and beautiful counters. Master bedroom with walk in closet. Master bath has two sinks, oval tub and separate shower. Large backyard for BBQs and entertaining. Easy access to all major highways.  A MUST SEE!'"
"'For sale: $280,000. Beautiful 1.5 story home in Gated Community * Front Porch * Extended Driveway for Extra Parking * Plenty of windows for natural light * Wrought Iron Rails for stair entry * 2 Eating Areas * Peninsula Island in Granite covered kitchen with overhang for breakfast bar * Courtyard style Covered Patio * Sprinkler system * 4 Side Brick * Move In Ready'"
"'For sale: $39,000. Small house with no utilities on MLK drive just 5-10 minutes from Downtown San Antonio'"
"'For sale: $280,000. '"
'"For sale: $345,000. Beautiful 5 Bed / 3 Bath Two Story Home located in Felder Ranch Subdivision. Spacious Open Floor Plan features Vaulted Ceilings, Two Eating Areas, Walk-in Pantry, Loft, Game Room & Office. Beautiful Island Kitchen with Granite Countertops, Breakfast Bar, & Gas Cooking. Family Room has Vaulted Ceiling & Windows that provide abundant natural light. Master Bath features double vanity & separate tub/shower. Fully fenced in backyard with covered patio that overlooks greenbelt. Don\'t miss this wonderful home!"'
"'For sale: $320,000. GREAT DEAL, A MUST SEE! This is one of the lowest priced homes per square foot in the area. Priced below BCAD! Brand new carpet throughout. All appliances included! Master & secondary bedroom + 2 full baths down. French doors leading into your private study is the perfect place to get your business done. Kitchen open to the large family room with fireplace. Formal dining area. Loft, gameroom, & media room all up along with 3 additional bedrooms & bath. Large covered patio. Great neighborhood amenities.'"
'\'For sale: $289,900. Amazing 4 bdrm/2.5 bath home in sought-after Potranco Run gated community.  Spacious open floor plan features 12ft high ceilings, lrg fam room, daily&formal dining rm or office space, oversized master bd w/walk-in closet.  Huge master bath w/ walk-in shower, garden tub, & his/hers vanity.  Kitchen has a large island w/ 42" cabinets, SS appliances, gas cook top, walk-in pant  granite counter tops w/ ceramic backsplash.  Home features a beautiful covered patio w/beautiful trees in the back yard.  A must see!\''
"'For sale: $96,500. Nice location Southside!Fenced 1.4 Ac with circle drive.This small starter home or artist retreat is set on a wooded,cleared lot.Its on a culdesac for plenty of quiet privacy.The front porch is covered and allows for a great view of the property.NewFloors;Lrm is open and can include dining.Downstair rm Study or small bedrm.Kitchen is large with great view of the front rd.Master is up above kitchen and the bath. Washer/dryer is inside.Metal roof is newer.Carport20x20.ShipContainerStorage.CityWatertobacklot.'"
"'For sale: $125,000. Welcome to this spacious 3 bed 1 bath home located in the Fern Rock/Olney section. Wall to wall carpeting that has been professionally cleaned, hardwood floors still in good condition underneath on the entire first floor. Recent upgrades done in kitchen. A straight thru floor plan with an enclosed sun porch full of natural lighting.  Finished basement ready for a man cave. Public transportation within a few steps as well as local shops and schools. Make this your home today!'"
"'For sale: $149,000. Beautifully updated West Oak Lane home is ready for you to move in. This property boast a large 1600+ square foot lay out over 2 floors. The first floor is bright and airy with an expansive living dinning area. The the kitchen features newer granite counter-tops, deep farmhouse style sink, and updated shaker-style cabinets. Each bedroom on the second floor is massive allowing for at least a queen bed in each with ample space for more. The Bathroom is updated with wide tile shower wall, new vanity and fixtures. The basement is a full basement with high ceilings, a half bath, and access to the 1 car garage. This property is priced to sell! Schedule your appointment today.'"
'"For sale: $174,900. This completely renovated beauty could be exactly what you\'ve been looking for! Enter to find a bright and beautiful living room with recessed lighting, brand new floors and windows illuminating natural sunlight throughout. The dining room features a charming chandelier. The kitchen is equipped with stainless steel appliances, gorgeous white cabinetry and granite counter tops. There are three great size bedrooms, all with brand new brand new wall-to-wall carpet. The basement is finished with separate utility area and could easily be converted into an additional bedroom/family room or home office. There is a rear deck, perfect for entertaining and a garage for off-street parking convenience. Additional upgrades include updated plumbing, electric and brand new HVAC. Come see all that this beauty has to offer, schedule your showings today."'
"'For sale: $685,000. Stunning views,serene living in this Coventry Home! Greenbelt for max privacy. 3 options for study/office! Open floor plan, covered outdoor living w/built-in kitchen & fireplace,waterfall pool & sound system to relax & soak in the views! Kitchen boasts expansive granite island & walk-in pantry. MBth has marble floors, jacuzzi tub, huge multi-headed shower, separate vanities, spacious walk-in closet,exercise room/office. Game room & Media room upstairs. Previous Model Home! PRICED BELOW MARKET. VIRTUAL TOUR!'"
"'For sale: $169,000. Beautiful 4 bedroom 2.5 bath with a 2 car garage home with private back yard, central air and heat, water softener, huge game room upstairs, all bedrooms with walk in closets, easy access to highways and brooks city base shopping centers,'"
"'For sale: $75,900. Large Corner Mixed use RM1 zoned. Possible Store/office duplex with residence upstairs. This is a cash as is Philadelphia Sheriff Mortgage Sale assignment of bid, Proof of Funds and 10% deposit required. Recommended, but not required to use Springfield Abstract for title insurance, title insurance has been ordered'"
"'For sale: $179,900. '"
'\'For sale: $299,999. Beautiful open and spacious floor plan! Kitchen features stainless steel appliances, granite counter tops with LARGE matching island, 42" cabinets, built-in five burner range stove, ceramic tile back splash matching the 20" diagonally laid tile floors. Downstairs master featuring tray ceilings, crown molding, and large bay windows. Yard includes full landscaping with auto irrigation system and just minutes away from community pool and park!\''
'\'For sale: $139,000. Wow, what a house! Fully renovated three-bedroom home in Olney-Oak Lane neighborhood of Philadelphia. Walk through the quaint little atrium nicely appointed with preserved real wood paneling and go on to the spacious living room. You are greeted by the airy feel of the home that has so much more to offer than its generous living space! Light color of the walls, huge brand-new windows, beautiful LED recessed and wall lighting, modern flooring, high ceilings, all this makes an unmistakable statement of what a great home it may be for your family. Continue on to the next room where you can entertain your guests, then enter the dining room and, finally, the kitchen with gorgeous white 42" cabinets, beautiful granite countertop, and top-of-the-line stainless steel appliances. A modern-looking half-bathroom is on the first floor as well. All bedrooms on the second floor are big and have great views as the house sits on the higher ground. The full bathroom has been tiled virtually floor-to-ceiling, plenty of light there through the bathroom window. New roof, new central heating and air conditioning system, new water heater, new? everything, Great location. Close to public transportation, schools, stores. Imhotep Institute Charter High School right there; La Salle University is nearby too.  This house won\\\'t be on the market for long.\''
"'For sale: $119,000. Recently remodeled 3 bedroom 1 bathroom home in West Oaklane. Home has spacious living room, dining room, new hardwood floors, finished basement, front porch and attached one-car garage.  Home is near Kemble Park, La Salle University and Awbury Arboretum. There are excellent bike lanes and the terrain is flat;  biking is convenient for most trips.  Home is being sold as-is but seller will provide $7,500 to buyer for improvements.'"
'"For sale: $400,000. Our MI model home is located in a gated community includes an amazing amenity center including a private lap pool, play pool, playground and pool house. This home has tons of upgrades:Hardwood Flooring downstairsFormal Dining RoomLarge Butler\'s Pantry Upgraded Kitchen Stainless Steel Built in AppliancesGas cooktop with commercial style hood ventLarge custom oversized island with sink Soaring CeilingsSurround Sound in every roomThe Gourmet kitchen features granite countertops, ceramic tile backsplash, trash pullouts and a quaint breakfast area to enjoy looking out onto our covered patio with Deck. The master suite has a sitting area with private master bath with separate walk in shower and oversized garden tub. The study downstairs offers several options to utilize the space. Upstairs you will find three additional bedrooms with two full bathrooms. One can even be used as another master suite! This home has so many great features including a large bonus room to enjoy movies and entertaining, 2-car side entry garage, plush landscaping and a sprinkler system in the front and back. \\n**please no realtors or brokers**"'
"'For sale: $114,900. large porch front stone house that is need of a full rehab, 4 large bedrooms and 1.5 baths, has a walk out basement with garage 203K is a good option. All offers will be presented, $2500 deposit and proof of funds will be required, AS IS addendum and buyer is responsible for u/o. S Cash or hard money financing only. All offers will be presented. all deposit check must be received within 24 hours'"
"'For sale: $210,000. Flawless construction meets timeless design in this beautifully renovated Olney home.  From the inviting front porch you enter into the tastefully re-done vestibule with beautiful tile. Next is the spacious living room bathed in plenty of natural sunlight coming from the many large, new windows. The entire home has a serene, airy vibe.  Pale bluish-gray ceramic tiling and refinished cherry-wood floors complement the generously-sized rooms. The house is equipped with brand-new HVAC along with strategically placed ceiling fans, so you can be cool, breezy and comfortable no matter the season. The formerly closed-in dining area and kitchen were opened up to create that sought-after open floor-plan.  This renovated 3-bedroom and 4-bathroom corner home is minutes away from major transportation, schools, hospitals, and shopping.  It has beautiful ceramic tile bathrooms, new windows, new electrical and new plumbing.  Large living room and dining room. 2 new half-bathrooms on the first floor. Second floor features 3 large bedrooms with ceiling fans and very generous closets. Finished basement with bar. This home has plenty of storage due to extra storage feature in kitchen, storage areas in basement and also in back yard. Relax on the front porch or in your backyard and enjoy gardening in the side yard which spans the length of the home. With Spring and Summer coming, you will appreciate the Central Air.  This home is artfully done. Do not lose out!'"
"'For sale: $2,500,000. Palatial hilltop contemporary masterpiece. This gorgeous custom estate comes complete with state of the art audio visual features accessible by blue tooth connection through out the house. Boasting floor to ceiling banks of glass offering city skyline & hill country views, Carrera marble floors escort you through a perfectly appointed property. Selections are above & beyond your dreams. Gameroom/bar/theatre tuckebehind Onyx & glass walls. Location is superb between San Antonio & Boerne. Shown by appointment'"
"'For sale: $254,900. Spacious and sophisticated home offers great style and dazzling appeal. The interior features a gracious entry with high ceilings, versatile living area with gas fireplace, exceptional kitchen with granite, custom tile backsplash, breakfast bar, pantry, formal and casual dining areas, and privately situated master suite. Located in a gated neighborhood with community pool this home is complete with a private backyard, porch designed for entertaining, sprinkler system and easy care landscaping.'"
"'For sale: $76,500. Two story, 3 bedroom, porch front row located right on Ogontz Ave and close to LaSalle University, Central and Girls High School. This home has wood floors in the living room and dining room. 2nd floor master bedroom includes the powder room. Affordable starter home for first time buyers. Property being sold As Is. Buyer is responsible for ordering the City Certification. Proof of Funds or Pre-Qualification letter required with all offers.'"
'"For sale: $179,900. This home has been fully renovated! All you need to do is move in and unpack. This beautiful house features brand new hardwood floors though out. The kitchen is updated with brand new stainless steel appliances, granite countertops as well as new cabinets and title back splash. Living room is spacious and features recess lighting. The upstairs is just as amazing with 3 bedrooms beaming in natural light. The master bedroom features a master bathroom. Hallway bathroom has been updated and features new vanity. There is also a finished basement with a half bath. So many upgrades to this home, Not to mention,New heater, hwh and central air. Don\'t let this one pass you by, make your appointment today!"'
"'For sale: $145,000. ***Welcome home to this fully renovated West Oak Lane row house*** The property features a kitchen and bathroom on each floor. New windows and doors throughout, brand new laminate flooring in both kitchens and living areas, and plush carpet in the spacious bedrooms. Both kitchens contain new Whirlpool appliances and custom cabinets. Each floor features a light-filled, tiled full bathroom with bathtub. New plumbing and electrical systems throughout.'"
"'For sale: $79,900. Nice size 3BR Row over 1300 Square feet plus finish basement level. Mortgage programs available with as little as $3000 down and under $650 mortgage payment. Property does need updating. Features include Patio front yard, enter into large foyer entrance into large living room with fireplace, dining room and eat in kitchen. 2nd floor 3 nice size bedrooms with hall bath. Lower level has garage and full size basement. Lots of potential in property with newer heating system. Cosmetics needed.'"
'"For sale: $49,900. Don\'t miss out on this Great opportunity for this spacious home in Oaklane. Home features open front porch. First floors features living room, dining room, and large kitchen. 2nd floor features 3 good sized bedrooms and a full bath. Full unfinished walk out basement with access to front. Close to local shopping, schools and transportation."'
"'For sale: $40,000. None'"
"'For sale: $40,000. Straight through twin with open front porch and rear yard.  Property has a large living room, formal dining room and kitchen in rear that exits to rear yard.  2nd floor has 2 nice sized bedrooms and a full bathroom. Full unfinished basement, with updated forced air heater.  Great buy! Buyer pays 100% transfer tax.'"
"'For sale: $93,000. WHY rent if you can OWN for a LOT less?! What a house! Completely and very tastefully renovated home on a quiet block in Olney - Oak Lane neighborhood of Philadelphia. Just about everything is new here: new roof, new windows, new central heating and air-conditioning system, new water heater, new appliances. Exquisite granite and other stone and tile materials have been used to renovate the full bathroom, half bathroom, and the kitchen. The first story has a living room that transitions into a dining room with a beautiful kitchen next to it. The kitchen has white cabinetry, gorgeous granite countertop, and stainless steel, top of the line appliances. Fashionable flooring throughout the house. No carpet anywhere! The bedrooms on the second floor are airy and bright. Plenty of natural light throughout the house. Very nice and cozy backyard. Spacious basement with plenty of room for storage and work area. Good neighbors who care for each other. This block is truly up and coming. Three more houses are being refurbished on the same block while City of Philadelphia is fixing up the street there. The location is very convenient. Easy commute to downtown Philadelphia on public transportation. Imhotep Institute Charter High School is just around the corner, La Salle University is within a walking distance.   This house has so much to offer. But the best thing ? you can have all this for mortgage payments that are a lot less than rental!  Come and check out this wonderful house!'"
'"For sale: $299,900. Fantastic opportunity in the Riverside section of Fishtown. This diamond in the rough has great bones, charming, original details and a unique layout and is just waiting for the right owner. Built in 1925 and once a storefront, this 18\' wide corner home features two entrances and multi-levels of living spaces. The first floor features a large living room with exposed joist ceilings, painted hardwood floors and exposed brick. A lower level living room with hardwood floors, shiplap ceilings a brand new full bath with stall shower could function as an in-law suite. The kitchen is a blank slate and a trinity-style curved staircase leads to a second floor featuring two large connected rooms with a once-functioning fireplace. The home\'s mansard roof is punctured by dormer windows which creates an additional 3rd floor of habitable space and includes two additional rooms, one with a walk-in closet, and a full bath with clawfoot tub. The full basement also contains a secondary lower level basement. With a little elbow grease and some sweat equity, this could be a truly unique and charming residence. You\'ll love the neighborhood. Enjoy coffee at Milk Crate, breakfast at Sulimay\'s and drinks at Johnny Brenda\'s, Barcade or Stephen Starr\'s Frankford Hall. Take part in Fishtown\'s special events like the Kinetic Sculpture Derby, Trenton Avenue Arts Festival and First Friday gallery openings. The Girard stop on the El allows for a ten minute ride to Center City. If you are looking for a really special home, rich in history with loads of character and charm, you have found your next project! Property address AKA 239 E. Wildey Street."'
"'For sale: $429,999. Being sold as a package with 1533 Montgomery Ave, this 40 ft wide home is one you need to see! Enter through the conveniently enclosed porch and enjoy the spacious first floor, which includes an inviting dining room, cozy family room to entertain your favorite guests, in addition to naturally leading to the charming kitchen, complete with large windows and a kitchen island for plenty of counter space. From the kitchen, be sure to take a step outside and admire the backyard, complete with an delightful patio and above ground pool- perfect for those summer get-togethers! Upstairs reveals two spacious, light filled bedrooms with ceiling fans and ample closet space, lovely hall bath and a fabulous ensuite bedroom, with a lovely tub/shower combo for your comfort and convenience. Still need some room for additional storage? Check out the basement, which includes tons of shelving to safely stow away your belongings, in addition to having a washer and dryer. Located in the bustling Fishtown neighborhood, this home is close to a variety of parks, eateries, stores and more! What are you waiting for? See it today!'"
"'For sale: $519,990. Large, Open and Full of Light!! Great Location & a quiet block in the heart of Fishtown. Close to I 95, local bars and restaurants and Northern Liberties. Open Plan Layout: First floor: Living room, dining room, gourmet kitchen w/42 inch cabinets, ceramic tile backsplash, S/S appliances, granite countertops and an exit to a large fenced in rear yard patio, great for BBQs and pets. Full finished basement w/full bath, extra space with a warm feel. The floating staircase w/metal railings leads to the 2nd floor - 2 spacious bedrooms w/ample closet space, Laundry Room, luxurious bath w/soaking tub. 3rd floor - Main bedroom w/2 walk in California Closet designed built-ins, spa like bath - stall shower w/seamless glass shower door, double vanity, wet bar and access to deck. Spiral staircase leads to wide-open large roof deck, overlooking Center City and the Ben Franklin Bridge, so much space. Features include - Sprinkler system, alarm system w/2 video intercoms, ceiling fans, recessed lighting and hardwood floors. TAX ABATEMENT HAS over 6 years left.'"
'"For sale: $319,999. One of the most convenient locations in Philly!  Welcome to your new home!  This is a restored and renovated covered front porch twin with convenient side yard access to the backyard. Enter into the living room with tons of natural light and new solid hardwood floors, that flow through to the dining room, half bathroom and floating staircase to the second floor.  The kitchen is all brand new, with soft close cabinets, stone counters and an upgraded Samsung stainless steel appliance package.   The back yard is huge with new concrete that wraps around the side of the home and a rear garden area.  There are not many homes in the area with a yard like this.  The second floor has 2 large bedrooms, plenty of closet space and a new ceramic tile bath, with all modern fixtures.   The basement houses all new mechanicals, to include, new wiring through out, new plumbing, new high efficient HVAC, windows, roof etc.  This is a spectacular home, in and even more spectacular location.  Right down the block from all Frankford Ave in Fishtown has to offer. Loco Pez, Andy\'s Chicken, Cedar Point, and Riveraward Produce Market are all steps away.  Make your appointment to see this today!"'
'"For sale: $395,000. Located in Fishtown, one of Philadelphia\'s most sought after neighborhoods, this lovely 3 Bedroom, 2.5 Bathroom sun filled home offers 1780 sq.ft. of living space, a finished basement, and outdoor space. Walking through the door you find yourself in an open floor plan with high ceilings, recessed lighting, bamboo floors throughout and a main floor powder room. Front and rear facing windows brighten the home, letting in tons of natural light. Your open and updated kitchen shines with beautiful off-white cabinetry, providing plenty of storage, nicely contrasting dark granite countertops, a stylish mosaic tile backsplash, and sparkling stainless steel appliances. Step outside and enjoy your private and cozy fenced patio. This convenient area right off the kitchen is great for grilling and intimate outdoor dining. Back inside head down to the basement to find a well-lit finished multi-purpose space as well as a well-maintained washer/dryer and plenty of storage cabinets. Upstairs on the second floor, lies a large full bathroom with contemporary finishes and beautiful tile work. On this floor there are also two roomy bright, bedrooms each with expansive closet space and continuing bamboo floors. Continue upstairs to the 3rd floor to find your open loft Master bedroom suite, complete with a large spa like en-suite bathroom and spacious double closets. This en-suite offers an amazing fully tiled shower with a sliding frameless sliding shower door, and a modern double sink vanity. Living at 840 Almond you are minutes from the SEPTA Berks station and you are conveniently located near I-95 making for an easy commute. From Greensgrow, the city\'s premier urban farm, to the bustling restaurant and lifestyle shops in the neighborhood, to the Penn Treaty Park and the Delaware River, Fishtown has emerged as Philly\'s harbor of artistic, culinary and musical delight, an awesome place to live, work and play. Come see your new home today!"'
'"For sale: $1,390,000. Walls of windows welcome you as you enter this level entry Modern home! Entertain at will w/ the open great room concept and chef\'s kitchen w/ top of the line appliances! 5 bedrooms w/ 3.5 baths! 10\' ceilings, 4 wide planked oak floors, radiant heating, ductless mini-splits and a HRV system are just some of the well thought out finishes. Multiple decks overlook freshly landscaped and fully fenced back yard. Enjoy the mountain views off your private master suite w/ it\'s own deck! A must see home!"'
"'For sale: $175,000. This property has been fully renovated by the owner. The first floor has a large open living/dining room with ceramic tile flooring,large open eat in kitchen with wooden cabinets,tile flooring, and a rear storage room and concrete yard. Second floor has tow fully renovated bedrooms with the front bedroom having extra deep closets and a three piece modern bathroom. The basement is a full concrete basement that can be used for storage and contains the hot water tank and electrical system.'"
"'For sale: $339,000. A rare find! This beautifully renovated 3-level home features every element of convenient city living.  Situated between the York-Dauphin and Berks SEPTA stations, this property has it all: new hardwood flooring throughout, a spacious eat-in kitchen and dining area, 2 full bathrooms, a very large master bedroom and 2 other full sized bedrooms with an EXTRA room for an office or expansive closet space, and a secluded backyard with a patio.  The outside of the home features an artistic treasure, a mural painted by the renowned artist Samuel Lind from Puerto Rico. The adjacent properties make this one perfect for long term investment:  On one side, the lot at 2122 N. 2nd Street recently traded for $125,000 and is undergoing new development.  On the other side, the lot on 2126 N. 2nd Street has a curb-cut and an area that could be consolidated with this property and permitted for parking.  This home also is listed as a PACKAGE  with 2126 N. 2nd Street (MLS #7152591).  The lot at 2128 N. 2nd Street is owned by the City of Philadelphia and is currently green space.  PLUS, a tax abatement is pending final completion approval by OPA!  Come see this special property today.  Note:  This property is partially owned by the listing agent and co-listing agent.'"
"'For sale: $174,900. Welcome to this large corner home which features (5)five bedrooms and 1.5 bathrooms. This property can be also converted into commercial space. There is a ($1,000) one thousand dollars selling bonus.'"
"'For sale: $124,500. Huge property with unlimited potential! This move in ready property could be your next dream home. With some cosmetic updates this property could be everything  you are looking for. With space for an office or nursery, the opportunities are endless. Also a great rental opportunity, with four bedrooms this property is ideally located to market to Temple University.'"
'\'For sale: $234,900. The Ross is a 3 bedroom, 2 baths, great room floor plan that boasts a spacious 1673sf of under air living space and 9\\\' 4" ceilings throughout. The plan also includes a family friendly kitchen with solid wood cabinets, volume ceiling with a tray in both the main living area and master bedroom. Interior doors are all 8\\\'-2 Panel Design. Also featuring a Tiled Master Shower. The indoor laundry room and formal dining area make it a most functional plan. Pavered driveway, sidewalk, and lanai. This Ross is estimated for completion July 2018, Photos in this listing are a like home. Photos in this listing are of a like home.\''
'\'For sale: $292,150. Brand New Construction with all the Builder Warranties!  Got a HUGE family and need a HUGE home - this is it.  Great location close to Chiquita Blvd. just off Veterans Parkway.  18x18 tile in all the wet areas of the home and upgraded stainless steel appliances. 20\\\'W x 11\\\'8"D covered lanai.     Prices are subject to change without notice!\''
"'For sale: $189,900. Charming classic cape cod on lovely tree lined street in Tosa! Home boasts beautiful hardwood floors and inviting wood-burning natural fireplace. Spacious eat-in kitchen allows for plenty of natural light. Entertain in the large, fenced back yard! Plenty of room for storage in the detached 2.5 car garage. Main level master and full bath! New soffits, facia, back door and screen doors along with refinished hardwoods all in 2017. Make this home today!'"
"'For sale: $149,900. Perfect starter home in Wauwatosa for cheaper than renting.  2 bedroom ranch features hardwood floors.  Open kitchen with updated counters and cabinets includes appliances.  Unfinished basement has potential for additional living space.  Detached garage with side driveway and large deck in backyard.  Deep yard allows extra outdoor space in the middle of the city.'"
"'For sale: $375,000. Center entrance colonial in Glenview Heights features: 3BR, 1.5BA & 2.5 car garage. Gracious foyer with center staircase, HWF, generous LR with natural FP & FDR. Amazing eat-in KIT is a complete showstopper, with granite countertops, SS appliances, fieldstone cabinets & subway tile backsplash. Bonus den/FR on main floor. Upstairs find all three BR & updated full BA. Spacious backyard with paver patio. Incredible proximity to MCW, schools, restaurants, parks, the Village of Wauwatosa, Milwaukee County Zoo, and speedy freeway access.'"
'\'For sale: $235,000. A Very Spacious 4 bedroom twin home in the Roxborough area! The house is convenient to public transportation, recreation center, and shopping stores. Walking distance to Ridge Ave and Main Street. The main floor has original hard wood floors. You can enjoy a morning coffee or afternoon tea on the front porch! Also has a nice size back yard with an above ground pool. The property is selling this home "as is" condition!\''
'"For sale: $239,900. Welcome to this beautiful straight through home with 2 bedrooms, and 1 and a half bath in Manayunk! It includes recessed lighting, big bedrooms, and central air!  It boasts a newly updated kitchen and newer roof as well. It has hardwood floors and gorgeous crown molding! Behind the kitchen there is a nice additional wine fridge/beer fridge area with easy access sink- this area leads you to a glass door to the backyard. Schedule your showings today because this definitely won\'t last long!!    **Parking Permit is available through the city. With application, 35 dollars a year for the first vehicle."'
'"For sale: $595,000. Welcome home to this lovely stone farmhouse nestled in the hills of Manayunk.  Enter this single detached house into an inviting front parlor.  Step-down lovely living room with gas fireplace leads to large open-concept kitchen / dining room perfect for today\'s living.  Custom cabinetry and stainless steel appliances.  Large island perfect for casual dining or entertaining.  Incredible western views though large windows and glass doors affording stunning sunsets and views of Manayunk bridge.  Deck off of kitchen  is great for summer entertaining.  Large yard with beatiful gardens with mature plantings.  Upstairs are 2 bedrooms plus lovely hall bathroom with original claw foot tub.  Third floor features 2 additional bedrooms.  Finished step-out lower level with full bathroom is great for guest quarters, home office or media room with access to the rear yard.  2 car driveway.  Just a short walk to Main St and the train plus Pretzel park perfect for dog lovers!  This lovely home is located on a quiet cul-de-sac in premier Manayunk locations surrounded by new construction selling in the 600k\'s-high 700k\'s.  Convenient to Center City, the suburbs, major highways and transportation."'
"'For sale: $359,900. This Manayunk home offers three spacious floors of living space and a full unfinished basement. The house has been lovingly restored and upgraded to offer a unique combination of vintage and new. The large, unique 1st floor living room features original high tin ceiling, custom woodwork, refinished old-forest pine floor, powder room with shower, and walk-in closet. Adjoining the living room is a dining room with original refinished oak floor and inlaid design accent color. The space also features high ceiling and large windows that offer great natural light. The new kitchen is open to the dining room and includes: Granite tops, maple-cherry wood cabinets, Whirlpool SS appliances (dishwasher, gas range, microwave oven), and JENN-AIR side-by-side refrigerator with ice maker. There is LED under-cabinet lighting, stainless steel sink, Moen pullout faucet, and InSinkErator disposal. The space also has Decora style electrical outlets/switches, Hunter ceiling fan with light-kit, porcelain tile floor, and two large windows. Adjoining the kitchen is a Sunroom with pantry, bay window on side plus large sliding window facing a custom-awning covered deck. The backyard includes two patio areas and is enclosed by tall wood fence. The 2nd has two large bedrooms, second living room, and full hallway bath. Front bedroom features refinished original oak flooring, full wall of closets, and two large windows. Rear bedroom offers large closet, windows on two sides, and new Trex Deck. Hall bathroom has beautiful tile design, refinished original cast iron curved tub, and Kohler pedestal sink/toilet with nickel-finished fixtures. New Mohawk wall-to-wall carpeting covers rear bedroom and living room. The third floor was completely renovated to create master suite. The bedroom features cathedral ceiling, Bruce hardwood flooring and high-end wall lighting fixtures and ceiling fan. Split Mitsubishi HVAC system provides remote controlled heat and air conditioning in both rooms. Ceiling and walls spray-foam insulated. Bathroom has oversized tiled shower, pedestal double slipper tub, two-sink Kraftmaid vanity with granite counter top, Kohler toilet, Moen brushed nickel fixtures, rough-in for stackable washer/dryer, and Kraftmaid linen cabinet. Other renovations include: newly painted Terrace Street exterior, new front sidewalk and curb, new stone tree-pit surround, first floor deck roof replacement, main building roof replacement, new front windows, and new backyard stone patio.'"
"'For sale: $159,900. Investor alert!!3 bedroom twin, offering 1,300+ square feet of living space. The main level is designed with an open concept layout, neutral carpeting and decor, bright and sunny with natural sunlight. Off of the dining area is the spacious eat-in kitchen with good cabinet space. Convenient half bath and exit to private rear yard. 3 nice sized bedrooms w/ closet space, 3-piece tile bath and hallway linen closet complete the second floor. Extra storage and laundry in basement. Just a few steps to Main Street, Pretzel Park and Tow Path. Easy access to I-76, City Avenue, Kelly Drive. Close to public transportation, both rail and bus, short commute or train ride into Center City or surrounding suburbs! Walk Score is 91** House in needs of renovations and priced accordingly. Owner prefers cash offer and quick closing. Home is being sold in as is condition. Property is 25 ft frontage,  concrete pad next to home belongs to this home'"
"'For sale: $245,000. Twin home for sale in Roxborough!  This 3 bedroom, 2 full bath is waiting for your decorative touches.  Living room and dinning room feature hardwood floors and plenty of natural light.  There is a laundry room and a full bath on the main floor as well.  Home features a front porch and fenced rear yard with patio.  All of this with the fun and convenience of Manayunk! Near public transportation including the train station which is a ~ mile away. Pretzel Park, running paths, and all of the restaurants, shops and activities on Main Street are just a short walk away.'"
'"For sale: $284,900. Welcome Home! Charming 4 bed 1 bath Manayunk twin with tons of character. From an inviting front porch, step into 2210 sq. ft. of expansive comfortable living space, beautiful hardwood floors with a trim inlay throughout, tall ceilings, original woodwork including built-ins, chair rails, and moldings. Your main floor features an open living room, a den, a dining room, and a spacious kitchen. This kitchen features brand new matching GE Slate suite stainless steel appliances, eat-in space, and access to the yard. This serene fenced backyard is complete with a concrete patio area, great for grilling, as well as roomy landscaped green space, with a garden trim. Back inside and upstairs you will find 3 nice-sized bedrooms with plenty of closet space and a full bathroom. The Master Bedroom is complete with a huge built-in closet and dressing room. This space has lovely built-in shelving, wood beams, and window light- What a treat!  On the 3rd floor, rest in your secluded and spacious 4th bedroom with plenty of space and light. The basement also offers ample storage space and a laundry area. All of this and the excellent location of 4306 Manayunk Ave, which is right in the middle of the main attractions of Manayunk. You will be within walking distance to Main Street with all of its popular restaurants such as The Goat\'s Beard, Union Taco, and Bourbon Blue. Along with great dining, convenient public transportation, walking/riding trails, nearby parks and views of the river all add to the great lifestyle for the area! This is a must see, don\'t miss out schedule an appointment to see your new home today!"'
'"For sale: $235,000. This IMMACULATE Manayunk home is located blocks from all the cafes and shopping on Main St and the Wissahickon Trails and less than 2 blocks to the train station. The 1st fl with crown molding throughout features a family room and a renovated eat-in kitchen with maple cabinets, granite countertops, stainless steel appliances and a peninsula with seating. The 2nd floor has a spacious bedroom, an updated full bathroom and a bonus room, which can be used as a nursery, office, etc., that leads to the 3rd floor master suite.  The 3rd floor is a master suite with vaulted ceilings, an extra sitting area and a full bathroom with a soaking tub.  There is a private deck off of the master suite with gorgeous views of Manayunk and Belmont Hills. The picturesque backyard is perfect for outdoor entertaining with the stone paver patio and also plenty of opportunity to garden . There\'s more: Central air, oak hardwood floors, 2nd floor laundry, recessed lighting, water filtration system, easy street parking, high ceilings, newer mechanicals, dry basement for storage, and plenty of sunlight!  This house was completely rebuilt in 2007. Great location!! Minutes to Kelly Dr, Center City, Art Museum and 76."'
'\'For sale: $189,900. Beautiful home nestled in the quiet pocket of Manayunk Hills. It has a New Orleans "French Quarter" flavor with the fabulous second floor deck. This lends to TWO unique outdoor spaces. The house has been updated and well cared for by its current owners. The 1st fl features a new kitchen with granite counters, double sink, new cabinets w/ wine rack and new tile flooring. New cherry hardwood floors throughout the 1st fl. This fl is complete with a dining room and living room. The second floor has 2 bedrooms, a clean and updated bathroom, laundry area, and storage space. Fantastic outdoor space. There is a wrap around porch on the 2nd fl overlooking the backyard, allowing a great view of Belmont Hills. The backyard is perfect for outdoor entertaining with a new brick paver courtyard, a patio used for grilling and great landscaping including rose bushes. New windows throughout. Fresh and tasteful color palette. Loads of natural sunlight! Great location! Walking distance to Main St and the train station and minutes from 76, Center City, and Kelly Dr.\''
'"For sale: $269,900. the convenience of this 3 bedroom twin with a finished basement in very close proximity to Main Street in Manayunk.  Open Living Room and Dining Room areas with hardwood floors, a chef\'s kitchen with restaurant style refrigerator, stove and hood, outside exit off kitchen leading to spacious deck.  The second floor includes a master bedroom with full bath and laundry area, 2nd bedroom (both with ceiling fans) and an updated hall bath.  The 3rd floor is an extra large room that can be a 3rd bedroom.  Included with this sale are both washers and dryers, window air conditions, refrigerator and all window treatments.  Other features include plenty of storage, living room with bay window, kitchen with dishwasher, disposal, double sink, gas cooking and tile backsplash, covered front porch and low maintenance exterior."'
"'For sale: $275,000. Lovely two story, 1300 square foot home is situated in a convenient area of Roxborough.  Steps to public transportation and just up the hill from Manayunk.  The home is equipped with central air, gorgeous original trim work, and hardwood floors throughout! The house boosts an enclosed three-season front porch with a ceiling fan and recessed lighting throughout the first floor.  The updated eat-in kitchen has granite counter tops, stainless steel appliances, and direct access to the spacious backyard.    Make your way to the second floor with three bedrooms- all equipped with ceiling fans.  The third bedroom has a large closet for extra storage.  The backyard is perfect for entertaining with a concrete patio, horseshoe pits, and access to the side alleyway.   Additional storage, laundry and a quarter bath are located in the unfinished dry and spacious basement.  \\n'"
'"For sale: $245,000. Enjoy overlooking Shurs Lane from the classic, stone front porch of this spacious home.  Step into the large living room, with natural hardwood floors, two front windows and built-in storage.  Continue into the dining room, with plenty of room for seating, a built-in wine rack and a ceiling fan.  The kitchen is huge, with room to eat-in and lots of storage.  Continuing out the back door, exit onto the deck, which overlooks the meandering backyard - plan to entertain with bbq\'s and lots of room for gardening and seating.  Back inside, the finished basement contains one of the four total bedrooms, and full bathroom.  The second floor holds the rest of the bedrooms, as well as an additional full, ceramic tile bathroom.  This location can\'t be beat - just a block from the Roxborough dog park, and within walking distance of Ridge Ave bus line, Walnut Lane and Blue Bell Hill Park and Manayunk Brewing Company."'
'"For sale: $285,000. Just what you\'ve been waiting for! Awesome, stone front Roxborough twin blending old world charm with modern amenities! Enjoy cool summer evenings relaxing on your covered front porch. Inviting living rm. & formal dining rm. are the perfect space to entertain. Stunning kitchen renovation featuring Wolf cabinets with brushed nickel hardware, quartz counter tops, imported \'Settecento\' New Yorker tile backsplash, island with quartzite top, Haier dual compartment wine fridge, recessed & pendant lighting plus a stainless steel under-mounted sink. Mud room addition just off the kitchen with full size LG washer & dryer & a full bath with new toilet, pedestal sink & glass enclosed shower with seating & river stone floor.  Walk-out to fenced rear yard with patio ? great for anytime barbecues! Sunny, spacious Master bedroom plus (2) nice sized bedrooms & full updated hall bath complete 2nd floor. The 3rd floor offers a large 4th bedroom ? great for overnight guests.  New energy efficient windows throughout (2010) & new front door (2014). Enjoy biking/hiking along the canal towpath, nearby Wissahickon & Schuylkill Trails or take your favorite pup to the local dog park. Shop & dine on Main Street in Manayunk. Easy commuter access to Center City via Septa\'s Manayunk/Norristown train, bus, Kelly Drive or Rt.76 (Schuylkill Expressway). A terrific home in a great, centrally located community. Best of all it can be yours!"'
'"For sale: $225,000. Check out this wonderful opportunity on a fantastic, quiet Manayunk block! This generously spacious home features three bedrooms, 1.5 baths, a huge main living level, and tons of space! The eat-in kitchen is large enough that you don\'t even need the oversized adjacent dining room! Three bedrooms and one full bathroom with a skylight are upstairs. The basement offers plenty of space for a workshop and storage options, so you\'ll never run out of space for your possessions and collectibles. The deep street-to-street lot offers room for FOUR CAR PARKING in addition to a large covered porch at the front, a large covered patio in the back and a lovely grassy yard as well! 120 feet of depth total! The home has some recent upgrades, including an updated electrical panel, a new water heater and a recent drain system. 369 Martin Street is an outstanding value for the amount of space and the size of the lot at this offering price. The location is amazing too -- you\'re steps from public transportation options (the 27 and the 35 bus lines and a 10-minute walk to the Manayunk train station) as well as all the terrific entertainment amenities in the neighborhood, from Main Street\'s endless restaurants, bars and shops to the local corner store/deli a block away! Come make 369 Martin Street your own! First showings will be the weekend of March 3/4. Thank you for looking."'
'"For sale: $209,000. Welcome to this completely renovated single home in the Manayunk/Roxborough area. Featuring a massive living room, bamboo floors, eat-in state of the art chef\'s kitchen, stainless steel appliances, spectacular marble bathroom, vaulted ceiling in the master bedroom, and a huge backyard. This property has a downstairs space equivalent to a 4 bedroom houses.. When this home was renovated, this property was brought down to the studs and had the vaulted ceiling added to even more space in this house. Currently rented for $1,550 a month in rent with great tenants and is PERFECT for a summer move-in. Agent is related to Seller."'
"'For sale: $224,900. This spacious twin in Roxborough is available and ready for your finishing touches! The main floor has an open floor plan living room and dining room, a large kitchen with a sunroom that leads to the back yard. On the second floor, there are two bedrooms and a large full bathroom. Going up to the third floor, you will find two additional rooms with lots of space to become an office, guest room, play room, gym or whatever you may want! Conveniently located to transportation, major roads, colleges and universities. Close to Main Street Manayunk, Fairmount Park and more! A short commute to center city. Great first house with lots of potential!'"
"'For sale: $171,000. Affordable 2 bedroom home bordering Manayunk. Quaint porch front home with hardwood floors and freshly painted. Spacious rooms, Updated kitchen. Half bath on main level. Second floor houses 2 nice sized rooms and updated hall bath. Fenced back yard. Conveniently located to transportation, shopping, major roads, colleges and universities.'"
'\'For sale: $139,900. Welcome to this wonderful opportunity. This home is 2 story detached home offering front porch and rear yard. Main level offers living room, dining room and kitchen. Upper level boasts 3 bedrooms and hallway bathroom. Property is occupied and occupants are not to be disturbed or contacted under any circumstances. Interior inspections are not available and property is being sold as is.  Bank of America, N.A. employees and employees" household members (including persons deriving their primary means of financial support from a Bank employee), and HTS business partners of the bank are prohibited from purchasing this property, whether directly or indirectly\''
"'For sale: $250,000. Welcome home to this beautifully maintained 3-bedroom, 1.5 bath, located in the Roxborough / Manayunk area! This home is the perfect combination of original character and modern appeal. Step up to the welcoming front porch to discover this home is one you will love! The living room begins your tour with the beautiful hardwood floors, decorative fireplace, recessed lighting, and a transom window above the front entrance door for extra natural light. The living room leads to the dining room through classically-white French Doors.  The dining room is complete with chic wainscoting, hardwood flooring, and a modern light fixture. Next, the eat-in kitchen is equipped with updated stainless-steel appliances including a new dishwasher (1-year-old), ceramic tile flooring, contemporary accent lighting, and a ceiling fan.  The kitchen provides access to the first-floor powder room and also to the backyard. Up the extra-wide stairs, you will find 3 bedrooms with white trim, updated Pergo flooring, and relaxing paint colors for a peaceful and cozy feel. The resort-style bathroom is revamped with marble flooring, tile walls, and a large, modern sink.  Located in the basement, a new Maytag washer and dryer are included with the home. The charming backyard, with a paver walkway and perimeter garden, is surrounded with fencing and a 12-foot high stone wall for privacy making it the perfect space for barbecues and outdoor fun! There is ample street parking and a bonus permitted / public parking lot behind the home. This home is just a short distance away from libraries, gyms, the Post Office, Gorgas Park, restaurants and shopping on Main Street in Manayunk and so much more. Schedule your showing today to see all that this home and location has to offer!'"
'"For sale: $324,900. This magnificent 3 bedroom 2 bath Roxborough twin is fully updated and is like something out of a magazine. From smart design to tasteful finishes this home has got it all. The front porch leads into the living room boasting beautiful hardwood floors. French doors lead to the elegant dining room and kitchen. Beyond the kitchen is an additional family room with a gas fire place. The second floor has 3 bedrooms and a beautifully updated bathroom. Exit through the back door to a relaxing deck with access to the massive back yard and garden. There is a fire pit towards the back of the property perfect for roasting marshmallows with the family on a crisp fall evening. The finished basement is stunning,versatile and contains a full bath and separate laundry room! Don\'t miss the opportunity to own this wonderfully maintained and wonderfully updated home."'
"'For sale: $649,000. Conveniently located in the quiet enclave of Dearnley Park, this four bedroom, two bath bungalow style home, on a triple lot, is loaded with charm and character.  From the covered front porch, original hardwood floors stretch throughout the main level.  The large living room open to the formal dining room.  The eat-in kitchen features lots of counter top space and cabinets as well as access to the large, level and secluded back yard.  A step saving first floor bedroom and full bathroom complete the first floor.  Upstairs find plenty of room with three additional bedrooms and a full bath.  The partially finished basement adds a ton of extra living space as well as ample storage.  A detached two car garage is an added feature, plus extra large yards on either side of the house ensure lots of space to roam.  This is a wonderful opportunity to live on a large piece of land in a friendly, warm area close to schools, shopping, transportation and more.  Come visit today!'"
"'For sale: $499,000. Well located single family house ideal for redevelopment or rehab.  Level .72 acre parcel.'"
"'For sale: $335,000. Modern, new construction home on corner lot in historic Rockhurst neighborhood. Tons of natural light, open flowing floor plan. 2nd fl. BR are good sized with generous closets. 2nd fl. laundry & attached garage. Close to the Plaza, UMKC & Rockhurst and Brookside - stunning modern home in a great older neighborhood.'"
'"For sale: $449,000. Unique/Prime opportunity to own a brand new luxury townhouse/villa home in the heart of \'The Hill\', imagine living and enjoying this thriving community every day! Walk to the restaurants, coffee shops, and Mom & Pop stores that give this neighborhood it\'s warm, cultural flair. 4 posh villas currently under construction with a target completion date starting later Spring 2018. 3 beds 2.5 baths and 1950 square feet - prices in the 450\'s to 460\'s. Finishes include wood floors, second floor laundry, 10 foot ceilings on the main level, granite in the designer kitchen w/ breakfast bar island, Kohler fixtures, GE Profile appliances, a deck, and oversized 2 car garage. These villas sit on a very quiet block with excellent walkability. There\'s still time to choose your finishes! Plus a bonus, these 4 homes have tax abatement for 5 years (new construction in STL) . Please review the brochure for more info on this outstanding opportunity to invest in a lifestyle and own a piece of \'The Hill.\'"'
'"For sale: $465,000. Unique/Prime opportunity to own a brand new luxury townhouse/villa home in the heart of \'The Hill\', imagine living and enjoying this thriving community every day! Walk to the restaurants, coffee shops, and Mom & Pop stores that give this neighborhood it\'s warm, cultural flair. 4 posh villas currently under construction with a target completion date starting later Spring 2018. 3 beds 2.5 baths and 1950 square feet - prices in the 450\'s to 460\'s. Finishes include wood floors, second floor laundry, 10 foot ceilings on the main level, granite in the designer kitchen w/ breakfast bar island, Kohler fixtures, GE Profile appliances, a deck, and oversized 2 car garage. These villas sit on a very quiet block with excellent walkability. There\'s still time to choose your finishes! Plus a bonus, these 4 homes have tax abatement for 5 years (new construction in STL) . Please review the brochure for more info on this outstanding opportunity to invest in a lifestyle and own a piece of \'The Hill.\'"'
"'For sale: $265,000. Off street parking for 3 cars !! Large porch front single home, just waiting for your finishing touches. Enter to a large living room , formal dining room , kitchen and back room. Original details throughout including front and back staircases.  Second floor has 3 nice size bedrooms and newer hall bath. Third floor level has  a bedroom, full newer bath ,Modern Kitchenette and living/family room area. Large back yard with detached garage, for storage only. Note** seller is making some exterior repairs once the weather is nicer.'"
'"For sale: $249,900. Charming porch front Wissahickon twin. Welcome home to this open floor plan with hardwood flooring throughout. Living room has a stone fireplace. Powder room and main floor laundry room. An updated kitchen that is open to the dining room features newer counter tops, stainless steel appliances, a and breakfast bar. Take the entertaining out back to private fenced-in back yard. On the second floor, you\'ll find three bright, spacious bedrooms with an updated full bath. Desirable Neighborhood of Wissahickon is close to Main Street Manayunk, Wissahickon Train Station just a quick commute to center city and the main line. Nearby Fairmount park and trails, shopping, universities and major roads"'
'"For sale: $245,000. Move right in to this beautifully maintained home sitting on one of the most desirable blocks in the Wissahickon neighborhood!  Imagine yourself relaxing on the scenic front patio and enjoying a quiet morning cup of coffee or evening cookout.  Enjoy hikes and bike rides in the renowned Wissahickon Valley Park and Daisy Playground, just a stone\'s throw away.  Walk to the Septa Regional Rail or two express buses serving downtown and University City.  And Main Street Manayunk is only one mile away!  Inside, the main floor has a spacious open floor plan that is ideal for entertaining.  The custom designed kitchen features ceiling-high wood cabinetry, stainless steel appliances, tiled floor, accent lighting, and a gorgeous granite countertop that opens to the dining and living rooms.  Upstairs you will find three bedrooms with ample closet space and a fully updated bathroom.   As an added bonus, the finished basement with berber carpet, recessed lighting, and updated half bath is perfect for a playroom, den, office space, or exercise room.  And never look for parking again with your own garage, oversized driveway, and ample on-street parking!  Complete with shining hardwood floors, tastefully painted neutral walls, custom Hunter Douglas blinds, and a basement utility room with washer/dryer and central air, this home has it all!"'
'"For sale: $245,000. This updated Roxborough house is 3 blocks from the Forbidden Dr trail into Fairmount Park! The 1st floor with oak parquet floors features a spacious living room, a separate dining room with chair rail and a renovated kitchen with granite countertops, cabinets with soft-close drawers, glass backsplash and stainless steel appliances. The 2nd fl has 3 bedrooms and a renovated bathroom.  The basement is finished and offers additional living space and also includes a laundry area with a washer and dryer. The sliding glass doors lead out onto the new trex deck which is perfect for outdoor entertaining! There\'s more: lots of sunlight, front patio, freshly painted throughout, new hot water heater, recessed lighting, easy street parking, custom wall cutouts for artwork, lots of storage, etc. Great location! 2 blocks to Starbucks and minutes to Main St, Kelly Dr, 76, and Chestnut Hill."'
'"For sale: $1,350,000. This magnificent home and carriage house occupy 1.25 acres of beautifully landscaped gardens in the heart of West Mount Airy. Designed by Horace Trumbauer, best known for his elegant homes and the Art Museum, this spectacular stone Colonial was built in 1909. Lovingly maintained by the current owners, it remains one of Philadelphia\'s finest homes, near the peaceful trails of the Wissahickon yet an easy commute via car or train to Center City. The main entrance on Hortter Street opens into a breathtaking center reception hall. Bathed in natural sunlight, it contains a marble fireplace, intricately engraved mantle and a grand staircase. Several adjacent, gorgeous living spaces make an ideal layout for entertaining. The formal living room boasts imported English walnut paneling, hand crafted moldings, built-in shelving, marble fireplace, and French doors to a covered side porch. An elegant formal dining room features another fireplace, hidden cabinets, and French doors leading to a covered back porch with outdoor fireplace overlooking formal gardens. A large eat-in kitchen/family room has a marble island, two high-end LG gas ranges, double sinks, Sub-Zero Refrigerator and plenty of storage, including two large pantry closets. First floor also includes a cozy den/library with Mercer tile fireplace and a powder room. Ascend the gorgeous staircase to a second floor with grand, sunny landing. A sprawling master suite has two fireplaces, 4-piece ceramic tile bath, large closets, and a study opening onto a large sun porch. The family room with pocket doors separates the Master Suite from three additional bedrooms and two full bathrooms. The third floor has an open playroom/den/office with additional space currently used for storage, but lots of potential for next owner to use as additional bedrooms or in-law/au pair suite. The large carriage house with private yard is another great option for in-law or au pair suite or can be rented for income. The first floor is currently used as an artist studio but could return to use as a 4 car garage. Upstairs, the lovely 1-bedroom apartment has original hardwood floors, updated kitchen and bathroom, small balcony, and tons of natural light. If living in historic luxury is your desire, look no further. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to own a piece of Philadelphia history."'
"'For sale: $249,000. Perfect Opportunity!  This 3 bedroom, 2 full bath farmhouse!  Features of this home include original hardwood flooring throughout, newer windows, ceiling fans, finished basement with two separate rooms both with outside exits, updated 100 amp electric, enclosed front porch.  All this while steps to public transportation and close to Fairmount Park and Gorgas Park.  subject to Subdivision . The lot surrounding the property 23,961 sq ft can also be purchased for $150,000.00 call listing agent for more info. All offers considered.'"
'"For sale: $299,900. Superbly well maintained three story twin, in the heart of the Roxborough/Upper Roxborough commercial district.  Property was recently changed to the newer RTA-1 zoning (permits duplexes), and also has the Ridge Ave Corridor\'s Commercial Zoning Overlay.  Could be a great property for conversion to have a business on the first floor, and an apartment/residence on the second and third floors.    From the landscaping outside, sound-proofing windows, the architectural details throughout the home and every space in between, this property is fabulous.  A perfectly manicured front yard and porch are very inviting.  Tiled flooring runs completely through the main level, with a generously sized dining room and very large and modern island kitchen, featuring sleek black kitchen appliances.  Upstairs, we have five very generously sized bedrooms with original woodwork and solid doors.  On the second floor, we have a tastefully modernized full bathroom.  Downstairs, we have a very nicely finished bathroom, with a full bathroom, complete with a jacuzzi tub.  Property is fully fenced, to include the front yard, side yard/alley and large flat rear yard."'
"'For sale: $264,999. Brand new rehab on a desirable block in Roxborough. This gem has an open concept main floor with coffee hardwood floors throughout the entire house. Custom Kitchen with nook bar boasting Stainless Steel appliances and Granite Countertops. Exit the kitchen to a deck which leads down into your back yard. On the second level find 2 bedrooms and a custom bath. Then make your way up to the Master Suite on the top level. In the Master you will find a full bath with a fully tiled glass enclosed shower and double vanity. Make an appointment today before your chance to own this beauty is gone!'"
'"For sale: $269,000. This roxborough twin has been lovingly maintained.  Upon entering you can\'t help but notice the beautiful finished hardwood floors and steps leading to the upstairs. The updated kitchen has extra pantry cabinets with molding, counter lighting and recessed lighting.  Also featured in the kitchen granite with a neutral back-splash and all stainless steel appliances.  This inviting open floor plan is great for the modern lifestyle with the living-room opening up to the dining area with easy access to the kitchen. The second floor boasts three nice size bedrooms and has finished two panel doors with brushed nickle handles throughout. The modern bathroom has a tile shower with built in storage and upgraded cabinets and new exhaust fan. When entering this home you can\'t help but notice the new storm doors and newer windows.  The basement is currently used as a family room with surround sound and alarm system that is cell phone chipped. The exterior front has a newer retaining wall and a nice sized back yard that is perfect for entertaining with its 16x20 concrete patio.  There is plenty of storage with the shed along with the basement having an extra storage area that is finished with a convenient laundry area and laundry sink.  Other upgrades include new hot water heater, newer exterior outlets, newer heater, air handler, newer roof and ceiling fans with dimmers.  This home has all of what your looking for and more! Come see for yourself. Agents please follow showing instructions there are two pets in the home."'
"'For sale: $289,000. Gorgeous and brand new rehab inside with a garage and a driveway!! High vaulted ceilings in the fr,dr, crown molding throughout, new kitchen with granite countertops, new appliances, under mount lighting, stainless steel appliance package including double door fridge, hardwood floors throughout the main floor, brand new bathroom, very large finished basement with an additional full bathroom (ceramic tile), very large utility room, brand new heater, ac, garage door, fenced in yard, close to Fairmount Park, Center City, Chestnut Hill, Plymouth Meeting, and Main Line.'"
'"For sale: $269,000. This Valley twin with a LARGE yard has it all! The 1st floor has a spacious family room, separate dining room and a newer eat-in kitchen with granite counters and lots of cabinetry. The 2nd floor has 3 good size bedrooms and a full bath. The larger bedroom features his and her closets. The updated finished basement adds additional sq footage and also has a newer powder room, a laundry area with washer and dryer and a separate storage area. There\'s more! This pristine house features CENTRAL AIR, 1-car garage parking and additional 1-car parking in the driveway, oak hardwood floors on the 1st and 2nd floors, newer windows, new hot water heater and lots of sunlight. This house sets itself apart from the rest with it\'s large back and side yard. This GREEN oasis boasts a beautiful paved patio, a tiered area which is a gardener\'s delight, and lots of trees, plants and bushes! Short walk to Fairmount Park! Minutes to Main St, 76, Kelly Dr and Chestnut Hill."'
"'For sale: $255,900. High profile corner property in Upper Roxborough. Interior country feel, recently redesigned kitchen, generously sized rooms through out, first floor laundry, mud room - office, family room leading to a fenced side yard, Finished basement with access to yard, Beautiful stone fireplace. Owner will consider installing Central Air with acceptable offer. Possible off street parking area.'"
"'For sale: $277,000. Welcome home to this great house located in Andorra.   As you approach, you will immediately notice the large, fenced in, yard and huge deck.   You will enter the home through a enclosed front porch into the living room.   The living room offers pergo type flooring and a fireplace to keep you nice and warm.   The eat in kitchen flows  into the living room, ideal for entertaining your guest.  The home has three bedrooms, two full bathrooms and additional 4 car parking access toward the rear of the home.'"
"'For sale: $274,900. Well Maintained Brick Twin in Upper Roxborough.  Spacious twin with gleaming hardwood floors throughout. 3 large bedrooms on second floor with new hallway bath.  Large bright eat in kitchen with gas cooking and preparation island. Plenty of cabinet space.  There is a convenient first floor powder room.  Lower level entertaining/family room with hardwood floors and French door to patio and fenced yard for your summer entertaining. Lower level has laundry room.  There is a one car attached garage, and parking for 2 cars. Central air and close to Valley Greeen! This home is move in ready, just pack your bags!!'"
'\'For sale: $310,000. New Price! Solid house! Meticulously maintained 4 bedroom, 3 1/2 bath single with IN-LAW SUITE. This beautifully landscaped home has great curb appeal. First floor has center hall with parquet floors, powder room, large living room also with hardwood floors and sliding doors to small balcony, formal dining room and eat-in kitchen with exit to side patio. Second floor has master suite with private bath and walk-in closet, two additional bedrooms and a tiled hall bathroom. The lower level is designed as an "IN-LAW SUITE" with full kitchen, full tiled bathroom and large bedroom with walk-in closet. Lower level could also be used as family room with connecting den/office. This level exits to private covered porch with view of generous sized yard. There is a built in shed perfect for all lawn equipment and other storage. All of this in walking distance to Ivy Ridge Shopping Center, the Roxborough Y and public transportation. Great location, central air and off street parking completes this fabulous home.\''
"'For sale: $269,900. Welcome home to the heart of the Valley.   This home is a keeper.  Enter through the side door and notice the beautiful hard wood floor in the large living room area.    They continue to flow into the dining area and into the Renovated Kitchen area.   The kitchen offers newer Maple cabinets, 5 burner stove cook top, hard max counters, stainless steel appliances and an eat at counter top eating island. There is an updated half bath on this floor.    The upstairs offers the master bedroom, two nice sized bedrooms and an updated hall bath with a pedestal sink and ceramic tile.  Down stairs has additional entertaining space offering recessed lighting, a wet bar, storage, and a laundry room.   You can exit the basement onto the covered patio for enjoying cool summer nights.  The house has updated paint, windows and doors.  Come see this great home today and make it yours.'"
"'For sale: $299,999. This unique Valley area twin has 6 bedrooms, 3 full baths, & a second kitchen in the lower level family room.  There are hardwood floors throughout, except in the kitchen, bathrooms, and family room.  The main floor consists of formal living room, an open, combined kitchen & dining room, and a full bath.  The top floor hosts 3 bedrooms equal in size and each with a closet, a linen closet, a hallway bathroom with tile and tub, and a master suite.  The lower level has a family room with full kitchen, 2 additional bedrooms, a laundry area, and a walk-out to the giant rear deck.'"
"'For sale: $274,899. Beautiful home that is like brand new!!! Home features newer Bruce Hardwood Floors throughout the entire first level including the family room, dining room, and kitchen. Gorgeous kitchen with honey maple cabinets, granite countertops, stainless steel range, fridge, dishwasher, microwave, 3 bedrooms all freshly painted and all with ceiling fans, 2 full bathrooms, huge finished basement that walks out to an oversized and private back yard, has full kitchen and full bathroom that could be used as an in law suite, new heater, new central air, new windows, new 100 amp service, and all newer recessed lighting. Custom flower boxes out front and new silver coated roof. Brand new storm doors on the front door and back. All you have to do is move right in to this home.'"
'"For sale: $550,000. Tucked quietly behind a private drive lies this meticulously maintained and tastefully updated 19th century farmhouse in beautiful Upper Andorra. Nearly 1/2 acre of lush landscaping, shady mature trees, flowering gardens, koi ponds. Backs to Fairmount park for breathtaking views and peaceful privacy. Living room with honey-stained hardwoods, magnificent natural light, French doors to enormous deck. Dining room with built-ins, deep sills, fireplace, opens to fabulous screened-in porch with skylights, ceiling fan, stunning views. Updated kitchen with hardwoods, granite, stainless appliances, backsplash, desk, peninsula with breakfast bar. Majestic owner\'s suite with vaulted ceilings, fantastic light. Second floor living area/office with built-ins throughout, second floor laundry. Third floor bedroom/play area. 2-car garage, central air. Gorgeous period-style millwork throughout. Impeccable attention to detail throughout, exceptional condition. Shows beautifully!"'
"'For sale: $230,000. '"
'"For sale: $525,000. Welcome to suburban living in the city!  Drive right up to your front door in your circular driveway to this completely renovated 5 bedroom, 3.5 bathroom Colonial in highly sought after East Mt. Airy. The etched glass front door opens up to a center hall staircase. As you turn to  the right you will be treated to a remodeled formal dining room and kitchen with crown molding, oak cabinets, a large center island, granite countertops, pendant lights, and stainless steel appliances. To the left of the center hallway there is a formal living room with built in shelves with lighting and a totally remodeled wood burning fireplace. If that isn\'t enough, there is also a large family room where you can entertain for hours! Off of the family room there is a remodeled powder room laundry room with a vessel sink. In addition to all these wonderful first floor spaces, there is a formal office with it\'s own entrance perfect for a home business or for working from home. On the second floor there are 3 LARGE bedrooms, a master bathroom with a shower tub combo and a remodeled full hall bath. The third floor boasts of two more bedrooms and a hall bath ideal for an an in-law suite. Saving the best for last, you will be the family favorite when you entertain in your backyard oasis. Daydream about summers to come in your incredible two year old, 18, 000 gallon in-ground, salt-water pool complete with multi-colored lighting and cement decking great for sunbathing. The front and back yards are professionally landscaped and has become the gem of the neighborhood. Newer windows, hardwood floors and updated upstairs carpet throughout. Newer hot water heater (2015). Chestnut- Hill East train station is two blocks away for easy access to center city. Close to shopping, restaurants and all the benefits of city living with suburban amenities. Sellers are offering FREE pool opening or closing and COMPLIMENTARY 1 yr home warranty!! Don\'t wait, this is the one!  ***Lot is large enough to sub-divide for multiple properties to be built - confirm with township***   Seller is a licensed Real Estate Agent"'
'\'For sale: $259,900. Amazing Newly Renovated Twin Featuring 3 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Professionally Painted with Chair and Crown Moldings, New Beautiful Kitchen With Modern Cabinets and Granite Counter Tops, Stainless Steel Appliances & Mosaic Tile Backslash, 12" Brazilian Cherry Pergo Flooring Throughout First Floor and 2nd Floor, Recessed Lighting Throughout, New European Style Bathrooms, Newer Heating Unit, New Windows, New Roof, Finished Basement With Extra Living Space With Ample Storage and 1 Car Garage For Your Car.\''
"'For sale: $172,999. Completely REMODELED row home located in Mount Airy section of the city. New Hardwood floor on the first and carpet on the second floor, recess lighting throughout the house and fans in the bedrooms. Kitchen equipped with Stainless steel SAMSUNG appliances : stove/range, microwave, dishwasher, refrigerator, garbage disposal, granite counter tops, glazed tiles on the back splash, new sink and faucet. Beautiful Cherry Cabinets with crown molding. Second floor: 3 bedrooms, ceiling fans in all rooms, new doors, new locks, plenty of closet space. Bathroom offers: new vanity, new tub, new mirror, new ceramic tiles, new toilet. Basement fully finished with beautiful light color tiles, Hook -up for washer & dryer, Central air, Brand new windows etc..etc. Property is EZ to show on lock box. Huge separate back yard.    Permits were pulled for this property.  General, Electrical, plumbing and HVAC permits'"
"'For sale: $149,900. Three bedroom and 1 bath in desirable west mt airy neigborhood. Home features good sized living room with wood burning fireplace, formal dining room, eat in kitchen which leads to a small deck. Three nice sized bedrooms and full finished basement, hardwood flooring and newer roof'"
'"For sale: $299,900. Looking for a large four bedroom home ready for you to move in and enjoy from day one? This is it. This stone front twin has been completely renovated from top to bottom and is situated on a quiet block convenient to public transportation and shopping but not subject to a lot of traffic. One of the unique features of the 700 block is the size of the lots which affords quite a bit of open space between the houses.  The first thing you will notice even before you enter, is the front patio and steps which have had the concrete replaced by brick and a mosaic of paving blocks.  As you enter through the center hall foyer, your eyes will be greeted by a beautiful curved stairway leading to the upper floor. A powder room is also located in the foyer for the convenience of your guests. This large home with its open floor plan is great for entertaining. To your left is a huge, sunny living room and to your right, a full-sized dining room that will immediately have you imagining holiday dinners or birthday celebrations. The hardwood floors have been beautifully restored and the wainscoting, crown molding and recessed lighting result in a delightful mix of olde world charm and modern functionality. The kitchen can be described as nothing short of spectacular. The wall that had separated it from the dining room has been replaced with a beautiful granite counter top that lends itself to the open concept, as well as, showcasing your fabulous kitchen. The counter tops, backsplashes, cabinets, stainless steel appliances, ceramic tile floors and lighting options all come together to create an atmosphere of true elegance. From the kitchen, you may exit onto a huge rear deck that extends your first floor entertainment area or simply provides a place of solace after a busy day. Upstairs, you will find an immense master bedroom with a wall of mirrored closets, a unique ceiling design and, of course, a master bath. The hall bath even has a laundry chute to the basement. There are also three additional bedrooms with ample closet space. Or, perhaps, you may want to use one as an office or den. The basement has a huge rec room that is carpeted for your warmth and comfort during the winter months. There is also a powder room and large walk-in closet in the laundry area. The gas furnace and hot water heater are new and central air has been added. A one-car garage is located in the rear. Listings on this block are rare. Don\'t delay--see this gem!"'
'\'For sale: $129,900. Great opportunity for an investor or savvy buyer looking for a fixer in the up and coming Mount Airy section of Philly. This stone front row style home features an air lite floor plan, walk-out basement, 4 bedrooms and 1 1/2 baths. ***Property offered "AS IS" with seller making no representations or warranties, expressed or implied. No seller disclosure provided. Seller requests cash or rehab financing only.***\''
"'For sale: $409,900. OPEN HOUSE SATURDAY, APRIL 21st 2:30-4:30pm! This large stone twin in Mt Airy has been completed renovated with elegant features and full of delightful amenities. Large open layout with new hardwood floors, freshly painted walls, high ceilings with illuminating recessed lighting, and a beautiful gourmet kitchen. The kitchen has gorgeous components to please any resident, beginning with the abundance of granite counters, stunning cabinets, top of the line stainless steel appliances and complimenting ceramic tile floor. Off the kitchen is a custom deck to relax or entertain with access to a yard area for additional space to enjoy. The upper level has 4 very spacious bedrooms with new plush carpet , plenty closet space and 2 brand new baths. The master suite boasts of its own private bath with elegant features including a stall shower. The master has 2 walk in closets with sliding mirror doors...WOW! The center has bath is beautifully done with bright subway tile with amazing porcelain accents. The lower level is a completely finished with new carpet, finished walls and ceilings, separate laundry room and another full bath. The features are absolutely grand in this home including the double wide car garage. Many many highlights, including new windows, new doors, new central air and more.'"
"'For sale: $174,500. With warm and wonderful welcoming! This is a great opportunity to purchase renovated home in a desirable location of Mt Airy. The entire home has been newly renovated with new heating and central air conditioning systems, new kitchen, beautiful 42-inch custom self-closing cabinets,back splash, new stainless steel appliances, granite counter top, and finished basement with new designer ceramic tile floor and full bathroom. A new powder room and laundry room located in the basement for your convenience. The main floor features a unique cut out ceiling with spot lights and hardwood floor. The upstairs has 3 bedrooms with closets in each one of them. Beautiful new flooring throughout the entire house, new doors & woodwork, carpets, and all the walls have been refinished and freshly painted!'"
"'For sale: $269,900. Big stone front three bedroom two full bath, two half bath twin on one of the largest lots in the neighborhood. Big front and side yards, extra long rear driveway, front and side patios. Center hall foyer entrance with a half bath on the main level. Formal living room and dining room with refinished parquet floors, updated eat-in kitchen with two ovens (wall oven brand new 2018)brand new granite counter tops, flush sink, new faucets, dishwasher (2018) also a refrigerator included. Upstairs there is a big master bedroom with a master bath and four closets, there are also two more bedrooms and an updated center hall tile bath. Downstairs there is a finished basement, separate laundry area with a washer included, half bath and a full size garage. New 30 year roof (2017) with a transferable warranty, replacement windows throughout including the big bow window in the living room, central air. Close to schools and all forms of transportation.'"
"'For sale: $104,900. This three bedroom home is priced to sell! House has a private driveway with a big back yard. The home has wood floors all around. All appliances are included! This property has built in equity; comps in the same street are 35 to 45k higher.'"
'"For sale: $699,900. Welcome to 518 E. Mount Pleasant Avenue! This stately and meticulously maintained center hall colonial (w/ additional carriage house suite) has everything you\'ve been looking for and more. The expansive grounds include a large yard with mature trees, a full-size tennis court, a four-hole putting green, patio with grilling station (direct gas line + refrigerator) and a stone carriage house that includes a 3-car heated garage and studio apartment with an outside deck. As you enter into the center hall foyer with powder room, you\'ll notice the hardwood floors and beautiful crown molding mill-work throughout. The living room includes a wood-burning fireplace and access to the family room with new carpet and beautiful natural light. The dining room features a decorative fireplace and leads through the butler\'s pantry with farmhouse-style sink and into the beautiful chef\'s kitchen with over-sized island counter, double sinks, Sub-Zero refrigerator, wine refrigerator, commercial-style Viking range with hood, suitable for the serious cook who loves to entertain. A back porch/mudroom leads to the back patios, overlooking tennis court and grounds. An open, winding staircase leads to the second floor of the home which features a master bedroom suite with ample closet space and bathroom with subway tile and stall shower. The gorgeous hall bathroom has recently been updated with soaking tub, marble vanity, frameless glass shower, and state-of-the-art Kohler bidet toilet. There are three additional bedrooms on this level, two connecting, and all with custom window treatments. The third floor includes a large bedroom with half bathroom, two additional bedrooms, and a hall bathroom with clawfoot tub and access to a large storage area. A full-size, semi-finished basement includes a laundry room and sinks with outside access, a home gym, plenty of storage space, and utility area. The home has been meticulously maintained and updated with central air (2nd and 3rd floors), updated electrical system, custom blinds throughout, renovated bathrooms and powder room, new main gas furnace, and new HVAC and water heater systems for the carriage house. This home is a short walk to the SEPTA Sedgewick train station, within proximity to shopping and restaurants in nearby Mt. Airy and Chestnut Hill, and convenient to the Wissahickon Trail and Center City Philadelphia. Combining the best of old-world character with modern conveniences, this home is truly a must-see!"'
'"For sale: $239,900. Welcome to this wonderful opportunity to own this twin! This home has it all, open front porch, rear yard with rear deck. As you walk in you will find a spacious living room with fireplace, leading to dining room with high ceilings. Eat in kitchen with plenty of cabinet space. The second level boast 3 nice size bedrooms with natural light and ample closet space, with hallway bathroom. The third level also offers 3 nice size bedrooms and hallway bathroom. Full basement. Close to transportation. Don\'t let this one pass you by!"'
'"For sale: $275,000. The pictures tell the story of this fabulous twin home in the heart of Mt Airy. It was totally redone in 2011. You will find yourself rolling out of bed to catch the train. Although far enough away that you don\'\'t know the train is there, the ease of access will make you happy. Along with the 3 bedrooms and 2.5 half bathrooms, this twin has a wonderful fireplace in the living room, bamboo wood floors, new bathrooms including a double sink in large hall bath. Along with a newer kitchen that includes all of the stainless steel appliances there is a new heater & hot water heater. From the dining room you will step out through the sliding glass doors to the rear yard that will tempt you to spend most of your time outdoors. Almost all of the furniture pictured is included and even the gas lamp will stay so that you can hang out in the back during the colder weather. If this isn\'\'t enough there is even a one year home protection plan that the sellers are including. Don\'\'t dilly dally because this house is going fast."'
'"For sale: $385,900. This Estate has a ton to offer if you\'re looking for a property with some character; you\'ve found it. Homes just aren\'t made like this anymore. When entering this grand estate, you will notice the marble tiled floor. As you look to your left, you will see the living area with beautiful hardwood floors that just light up the entire room, a working fire place that\'s maintenance yearly with brand new chimneys. Connected to the living area you will see a sun room that\'s insulated thoroughly to keep the area temperature properly regulated. With its own separate heating and cooling system. Connected to the foyer to your left you will notice a dining room with hardwood floors. If you continue through the dining room you will enter into the breakfast eating area with tons of lighting and continuing through the kitchen you will notice that this kitchen has been updated. You\'re going to be shocked how well this property has been maintained. Steps leading to the basement can also be accessed near kitchen. You will notice in this basement that there\'s another cooking area, this cooking area was previously used for events that would be held in the home. This made it easy for cooking and prepping foods by the caterers. This would allow events to flow freely allowing guest to be entertained and not disturb the flow of the event. You\'ll notice each room has a ceiling fan some of which are remote controlled. Second floor you will notice three bedrooms and a master bedroom. Each room has wall to wall carpet but if carpet is removed you\'ll notice hardwood flooring. This gives you the option to remove the carpet and show the beautiful hardwood floors if you choose not to replace the carpeting. The Master bedroom is connected to the master bathroom with heated lamps to keep you warm this bathroom is super cozy. This bathroom also features a European bedit. This home heating and air system is dual zoned so your able to have the temperate set separately. With many more features like lawn sprinklers, fenced yard, Japanese Maple Trees, and Detached garage which also features a space that could be used for office space; or an efficiency that you could even rent to produce income. You will be amazed set up your showing today."'
'"For sale: $595,000. 1920\'s single family three-story home located in desirable West Mount Airy. Spacious with distinctive character and charm, this 7 bedroom, 3 full bath + 2 half bath home is situated on .29 acres and 4,457 sq.ft. of living space. Formal vestibule entrance with two closets leads into the entrance foyer that showcases elevated ceilings and a turn-style staircase with palladian window. The living room boasts crown molding, large bay window, a wood-burning fireplace, and original hardwood floors that are found throughout the home. Through the French doors off of the living room is a family room complete with bead board ceiling, Wissahickon schist stone walls, and large windows overlooking the yard. An elegant formal dining room is an entertainer\'s dream, featuring a second wood-burning fireplace. A swinging butler\'s door opens into the spacious and bright eat-in kitchen. Off of the kitchen is a deck with stairs to the large yard featuring mature plantings, with access to the private driveway and detached 1-car garage. The second floor features the master bedroom suite with french doors to a tranquil sitting room with a wall of windows, and a master bath with ceramic tile and stall shower. Three sizable bedrooms, and a full hall bath with subway tile, hex flooring, pedestal sink, and claw-foot tub complete the second level. The third floor offers three more bedrooms, a full bath with pedestal sink, claw-foot tub, wainscoting, and ceramic tile stall shower completes the third level. The walk-out basement includes a half bath, and features abundant storage space. This unique residence is close to schools, shopping, Fairmount Park trails, Rittenhouse Town, regional rail and surface transportation for easy commutes. The Walnut Lane Bridge provides easy access to Roxborough, Manayunk, and Lincoln Drive, connecting you to Chestnut Hill or access to US-1 or I-76 for a short drive to Center City."'
'"For sale: $415,000. Stately stone single home on a magnificent street in  beautiful West Mount Airy.  Steps to the train,walk to shops,and minutes from Valley Green for the most  recreational purposes in the city limits.  10\' ceilings,leaded glass windows, wood floors throughout, stone fireplace,additional garden room den on first floor,plus huge basement , and separate garage.  The yard has a patio level,and lawn to fill all gardeners, and family fun use.  Large bathrooms,on each level of the home,and pantry and laundry area off of the kitchen.  This cozy home is so well maintained,with  heater,and all updated utilities, including roof. Welcome to West Mount Airy,with their neighborhood web site,and friendly  atmosphere."'
"'For sale: $329,900. Stunning 3 story twin, entrance leading to french doors into spacious living and dining room with high ceilings as well as lustrous finished hardwood flooring throughout. The revamped kitchen brags granite counter tops, stainless steel range, microwave, dishwasher and refrigerator along with ceramic tile back splash and flooring. Main floor laundry with powder room adjacent. Finished Basement which could be appropriated as additional living space. Additionally, rear patio offers plethora of space to entertain siblings and friends. 2nd floor master suite has master bath with stall shower and a whirlpool bath. 3rd floor has 2 generous size bedroom; can be used as home office or inlaw suite. Electric, plumbing and roof are newer.'"
'\'For sale: $649,900. Welcome to 305 W Hortter St. This unique "Spanish Style" Mt. Airy estate has everything you are searching for. Built in the late 1800\\\'s, this home has been lovingly and masterfully preserved. A gorgeous mahogany wrap around porch welcomes you home. Once inside the Grand foyer you cant help but notice the large, spacious rooms with superb flow, original hardwood floors, intricate oak and mahogany moldings carved into archways and gorgeous antique radiators. First floor boasts formal living room with stone fireplace, dining room with solid mahogany pocket doors, beautiful full bath with exposed brick, original butlers pantry, large eat-in kitchen, pantry room and a laundry/mud room. Going up the wide oak staircase,the 2nd floor hosts 4 generously sized bedrooms, a lovely full bath and completely restored sleeping porch. The 3rd floor offers another 4 rooms with a quaint porch accessible by 3 of the bedrooms and just perfect for your morning coffee or tea. This home also offers a detached oversized 1 car garage, nice size front, side and rear yard, full huge walk out basement and a new heating system just installed last year. This home is within walking distance to regional rails, and beautiful trails for hiking and biking. Close to shops and a 15 minute ride to Center City.\''
'"For sale: $329,900. Spacious 3 Story Twin in convenient West Mt Airy.  Quiet street in the height of transition, including new construction and full renovations.  Enjoy all of the area\'s urban attractions; walk to Wissahickon Park, shop at Weaver\'s Way, enjoy a cup of coffee at High Point Caf~, or visit any of the many local eateries. Just a short walk to the R8 train for a quick commute to center city.  Open plan main level starts at the quaint front porch which opens into the Living room. Living room features brick F/P with a pellet stove insert, Dining room and adjoining ultra modern kitchen with wood cabinetry, built in desk, breakfast bar, gas cook top, built-in oven, double sinks, sandstone counters, pantry and tile floor. Convenient powder room off the kitchen and a back stair up to second story bedrooms.  Second level has master bedroom with full bath, 2nd bedroom with full bath and a 3rd bedroom currently used as a den with built-ins and access to the second floor deck. Third level has two additional bedrooms with another full bathroom.  Large, dry Basement/Lower level consists of a 1 car attached garage used for storage in recent years and unfinished basement area which houses the laundry and utility areas. Home has original hardwood floors and woodwork, and plenty of charm.  Motivated seller invites you to make an offer."'
'"For sale: $895,000. Move right into this immaculate Victorian Classic, totally updated for modern living. Perfect wood flooring throughout, lovely windows make rooms bright and with great garden view. It has a beautiful wrap-around front porch excellent for morning coffee or evening and summer entertaining. First Floor: Entrance foyer large enough for a small grand piano, features handsome oak staircase and tiled wood burning fire place. Hall opens to living room, large formal dining room, both with wood burning fire places and Mercer tile hearths. New 1st floor powder room. Dining room opens to den with instant-on gas fire place moving to the kitchen. The kitchen feature an outside exit thru a mud room. State-of-the-art kitchen, with sub zero refrigeration, cooktop range, wall oven, dish washer, garbage disposal and built-in microwave oven with striking wood paneling with marble countertop thru out and with great lighting. Second Floor: Features 2 Bed room master suite with wood burning fire place and ensuite bath. There were two additional bed rooms, one repurpose for home office and the other for a exercise room /laundry room area. Third Floor: Has 4 additional bed rooms, one has large window doors that open onto a small deck with new modern hall bath. Sough-after Prime West Mt Airy Neighborhood. Convenient to schools, Weaver\'s Way coop, Regional Rail and Septa buses. Walking distance to shopping and Fairmount Park. Minutes to Center City and major highways."'
'\'For sale: $339,000. Stunning 1920\\\'s Tudor Stone and stucco Air-lite end of row offers extra living space and sunshine. And here it is! SURPRISE there are four spacious bedrooms with a 3rd story addition, 3 full baths, full bath on lower level and laundry. Open front porch with sloping garden will greet you on your way inside. Mostly all~new replacement windows, beautiful refinished oak wood floors, Living room fireplace w/insert, built-in book shelves, recently painted in a neutral palette~of muted blues, grays and earth tones. Open concept combines the kitchen and dining room into a single great room that\\\'s perfect for relaxed entertaining and informal gatherings. This open-concept layout elevates the kitchen to the heart and functional center of the home, featuring an island that provides extra counter space and a snack bar with seating, newly installed granite counter tops in ebony flecked quartz, 4" granite back splash, high white wood cabinetry, appliances at your fingertips! Open floor plans are modern must-haves and will maximize space and provide excellent flow from room to room. Even traditional homes like this one has embraced the concept, MOVE-IN ready in colorful West Mt. Airy.  Walk to Carpenter Lane train station, High Point Cafe, parks, art center, library, shops and Weavers Way Food Co Op. Live in beautiful West Mt. Airy, Money Magazine\\\'s "10 Best City Neighborhoods in the Country" on one of the prettiest and friendly streets in the neighborhood. Walk - score of 97! Location and space are everything!\''
"'For sale: $620,000. Rarely offered mid-sized single on a gorgeous lot on a non-through street just off Carpenters Woods in West Mount Airy. This four bedroom, one bath, one half bath home has many of the original details expected from houses of this age: big windows, deep sills, a stone fireplace, hardwood floors, a driveway and garage. Property needs some work but is, overall, in good shape with some new systems in place. The yard is tremendous and there is space to expand on the size of the home. Lots of room to put your personal stamp on this home and make it into something incredible. Walking distance to Carpenters Woods, Weavers Way, Highpoint Coffee and Kitchens Lane.'"
"'For sale: $409,900. This home is a knockout! Meticulously renovated 3 bedroom, 3.5 bath stone and brick large twin in West Mt. Airy. The open-concept floor plan of this gorgeous home features: NEW roof; NEW high efficient heating and A/C system; NEW water heater; NEW windows and doors throughout; NEW spotlight throughout; NEW eat-in kitchen with white cabinets, granite counter tops, stainless still appliances and handsome exhaust hood; NEW hardwood floors throughout; All bathrooms updated with NEW high quality materials; Wooden staircase with NEW iron spindles; The second floor consist: Large master suite, two good size bedrooms and full hallway bathroom. Large finished walk-out basement with full bathroom, family room, wood burning fire place and laundry area; NEW outside steps; 1-car garage and much more...  Easy to show and ready for a quick settlement!'"
'"For sale: $309,000. This classic Mt. Airy twin has lovely original details and charm for days. The country-house vibe will have you envisioning summer days relaxing on the front porch before you even head inside. The spacious and breezy front living room features original rose pine floors, built-in bookshelves, crown molding and original plaster ceiling medallion. Two sets of lovely French doors lead out to the porch and generous front garden. Back through the sunny dining room is the U-shaped kitchen with its own custom touches like a picture rail and exposed brick display niche alongside the crisp white appliances and pretty slate tile backsplash. Head out to the huge backyard via the handy mudroom with washer and dryer. The best of both worlds, the amazing yard space is low-maintenance while offering raised planting beds to satisfy any shade of green thumb. The footprint of this home allows all bedrooms to have windows on two walls, creating beautiful light almost any time of day. Both front rooms are larger than the rear, so either the second or third floor could work for the master, though the second floor is a bit closer to the retro-cool blue tiled bathroom. The high ceilings on the top floor allow for the charm of dormers without taking away standing height. Beneath the farmhouse chic this home is also energy-efficient: In 2013 the seller completed an entire retrofit including a Utica hydronic boiler, air sealing, attic and roofline insulation and high-efficiency windows. Enjoy the great community spirit and artsy vibe that continues to draw people to Mt. Airy at local meeting spots like Weavers Way Co-op, Allens Lane Art Center and Mt. Airy Arts Garage. Wissahickon Valley Park is nearby for all your hiking, biking and nature needs, while the always-expanding food scene is also not to be missed. The proximity to Center City makes commuting a breeze, but with year-round activities, historical sites, beautiful murals and excellent schools (this home falls within the CW Henry catchment), you may find that you don\'t leave the neighborhood much."'
'"For sale: $399,900. Beautifully renovated twin home in the heart of West Mt Airy ready to move in with all the new amenities you would expect from the well-known builder. There\'s a brand new large kitchen, with gorgeous quartz countertops, kitchen island with farm sink and a stylish waterfall countertop and pantry tall cabinet. All new Energy Star rated stainless steel appliances including a French door refrigerator, 5 burner Gas range/oven, dishwasher, microwave and wine cooler. Great open floor plan. The entire house has all new hickory hardwood flooring, all new bathroom tiles, vanities, and lighting. There is a nice sized powder room off the kitchen that includes stackable washer dryer. The house has 3 nice sized bedrooms. 2  baths, all in a neat package for the discerning buyer ready to move to Historical West Mt Airy. The house is newly painted top to bottom. High efficiency HVAC, Central Air, newer windows and roof. Wonderful location in a sought after West Mt. Airy neighborhood. Easy access to Center City, Chestnut Hill, Manayunk, and Fairmount Park, short walk to train station, public transportation, Weavers Way Co-op, Carpenter woods. Original property 502-504 W Mt Pleasant Ave has been subdivided into two separate parcels: 502 W Mt. Pleasant ave & 504 W Mt. Pleasant Ave. This house situated on 504 W. Mt Pleasant Ave lot size is 25x147. 10 Years Tax Abatement. One of the owners is a PA Licensed real estate agent.)"'
'"For sale: $399,900. Welcome home to this gorgeous Mt. Airy West single family home! As you step into this home you are greeted by the foyer. To the right is the spacious formal living room that gives way into the formal dining room. The the left of the foyer is a den/family room area that is accompanied by a half bathroom. Through the foyer is the spacious eat in kitchen, that with a little love could be the focal point of this home. The laundry is located just off the side of the kitchen. Through the back of the kitchen you enter into the sun room that could be used as a sitting area, perfect for that morning cup of coffee to soak in the sunlight. The upstairs features the master suite, which contains a bedroom area and an oversized sitting/dressing room. The master is also accompanied by a massive walk-in closet, two other closets, and its\' own full bathroom. The upper floor also features two generously sized bedrooms, a fourth bedroom/office, and a full hallway bathroom. The completely finished basement offers plenty of storage space, another living area with a full kitchen, and the utilities. With a little love, this almost 2300 sq foot house could be amazing. This is a great opportunity for a homeowner, with the right vision to build great sweat equity into the home. Don\'t miss out on this house, as its\' location cannot be beat! Close proximity to Lincoln and Kelly Drives, I76, I476, Chestnut Hill, Center City, Manayunk and more! The property is already wired with a security system! The property also features an oversized driveway for parking and a quaint backyard, perfect for grilling out in the summer months ahead! Schedule your appointment today!!!"'
"'For sale: $117,995. A Great Bridesburg Twin Priced Like A Row !  Situated On A Quiet Street; But Close To Major Thoroughfares, And Mere Steps To Acclaimed Charter School.  An Open Porch Fronts This Brick Home.  FIRST FLOOR Extra Deep Living Room With Front Bow Window, Durable Laminate Floor, Chair Rail Moulding, Two Ceiling Fans, Carpeted Staircase.  Bright & Cheery Dining Room Features Tile Floor & Ceiling Fan.  Gourmet Eat-In Kitchen With Oak Base & Wall Cabinets, Dishwasher, Above Range Microwave Oven, Refrigerator, Electric Cooking, Ceiling Fan.  Tons Of Prep Area.  Sliding Glass Patio Doors To Private Rear Yard.  SECOND FLOOR Includes Three Nice Sized Bedrooms (All With Ceiling Fans), Handy Hall Closet, Updated Designer Tile Bathroom With Pedestal Sink & Medicine Cabinet.  BASEMENT Features Newer Gas Heater & 40 Gallon Hot Water Heater (Less Than 4 Years Old Per Owner), Level Concrete Floor, Straight Cemented Walls.  REAR YARD Is Perfect For All Seasons Entertaining !  Very Deep, Fully Decked, With Patio Awning.  Aluminum Windows Throughout. Central Air.  Neutral Decor.  A True Rent Beater.  Come On Out...Be Impressed !'"
"'For sale: $175,495. Totally Renovated 2 Units (4 Bedrooms/2 Bath and 2 Bedrooms/1.5 Bath)   2 Stand alone Garages.  Both Units were completely renovated in 2015. Everything is Brand new.  Separate Peco Meters. Central AC/Heat in each unit.  2 Huge stand alone Garages.      Units furnished (Rented to AirBnB) Garages rented for storage. Owner is a PA Real Estate Agent    No Violations! - Zoning will be changed by the time of the settlement.  New Roof, New Garage Doors, etc, etc....'"
"'For sale: $169,900. Super opportunity in Historic Frankford near Hospital and transportation center. Huge double lot with fenced driveway and yard. Open porch,humongous living room, huge formal dining room, all finished wood flooring,very large eat in kitchen exit to rear yard. Huge full basement with full bath and outside exit-gas heater approx 2 years old. Second floor has 3 large bedrooms and lg full bath, third floor has 3 large bedrooms and full bath. front open porch, large driveway for multiple car parking and large fenced rear yard. This is one of the largest homes in the neighborhood-single family'"
"'For sale: $55,000. Four bedroom, traditional townhome for sale in Frankford! This home has carpeted floors with tiled kitchen, one full bathroom, a basement perfect for storage and a dining room. Great price point and could be a great start to a rental portfolio. Contact us today with any questions! Great opportunity to  start investing! Property can be purchased with 10 other properties. Ask Co-Listing Agent for list.'"
'\'For sale: $159,900. Great opportunity for an investor or savvy buyer looking for a fixer in the Northwood Section of Philly. Large stone front property with the original hardwood flooring and loads of old world charm. Property features 4 bedrooms, 2 1/2 bathrooms, huge walk- out basement, and detached garage. Property is in need of updating throughout. ***Property offered "AS IS" with seller making no representations or warranties, expressed or implied. No seller disclosure provided. Buyer responsible for obtaining U&OI.***\''
"'For sale: $110,000. 5 bedroom 2 full bath lots of space single home, price right for a quick sale. living room dining room kitchen 1 full bath 1 bedroom. second floor has 2 bedrooms and 1 full bath third floor has 2 bedrooms.'"
"'For sale: $229,900. This lovely single family home is nestled into the Mantua neighborhood of Philadelphia-- minutes from the Art Museum and Ben Franklin Parkway, University City, the Philadelphia Zoo, and the~Schuylkill River Trail, and easily accessible via public transportation. The home just completed a complete remodel, and is ready to welcome you! Updates include gorgeous glossy hardwood floors, a new kitchen with granite countertops and stainless steel appliances, clean contemporary bathrooms with marble and stainless steel finishes, recessed lighting, and new stucco on the exterior. Enjoy a cup of coffee on the front porch, or relax out back on your private patio. There are two sunny bedrooms, each with great closet space, and one with an en-suite bathroom. Schedule your showing today and be the first to enjoy this gorgeous new home!'"
'"For sale: $587,000. 18 acres of paradise for horse lovers and nature lovers! This remarkable property crosses the Abbapoola Creek basin and sits alongside Mullet Hall. 7 stall center aisle barn w/ hot/cold wash stall. Tack room w/ half bath, sheds on both long sides of barn for storage. Post and rail fencing encloses around 10 acres of turn out. HUGE 3 bay turnout shed can also be used as stalls (3) w/ it\'s own feed room w/no freeze water hydrant + electric. 3 no freeze hydrants around pasture some of the BEST Grazing around! Loft Style living partial conversion of Huge clear span steel building (Olympia) 40x54 Great Space, beautifully situated with central heat and air, bath with tub and shower, full kitchen, DW and washer and dryer!"'
"'For sale: $399,800. Meticulously Maintained Home w/Access to Long Hunter Walking Trails Right Across Street! Gourmet kitchen w/large triangular island, granite, tile backsplash & ss appl-Neutral colors-Hdwd staircase & main living areas-Covered back porch, alum fenced bkyd, full yard irrigation. 1 mi to lake, 10 min from Providence shops, 20 min to downtown!'"
'"For sale: $413,000. Welcome Home to this Immaculate 5BR/3BA Charleston-style Home in the Highly Popular Subdivision of Swygerts Landing on Johns Island within Close Proximity of Charleston\'s Downtown Historic District & Beaches! ** This Gorgeous Home features Double Piazzas and Backs up to a Marsh, Creating a Sense of Privacy & Luxury ** Enter the Home from the Inviting Porch to Discover Gleaming Hardwood Floors, Custom Lighting Features, High Ceilings, Fresh Paint, and an Open Concept-- Perfect for Entertaining! ** Positioned just off the Formal Dining Room, this Home\'s Spacious Kitchen boasts Desirable Upgrades, including Granite Countertops, Stainless Steel Appliances, Recessed Lighting, Pantry, and Breakfast Bar. The Family Room Transitions Seamlessly to a Large Screened Porch, Back Deck, and Fully-Fenced Backyard ** You\'ll Love the Custom Master Suite featuring a Private Piazza, Huge Walk-in Closet, and Custom Tiled Bathroom, as well as the Convenience of a Downstairs Guest Bedroom, which could become a 2nd Master! ** This Home features an Oversized Bonus Room, and the Third Floor has been Insulated for Sound."'
"'For sale: $169,900. Come see this adorable 2 bedroom home in the Tosa East Towne neighborhood a few blocks from the bustling North Ave restaurants, bars, and shops. Minutes from downtown Tosa. Spacious bedrooms and living room. Full basement. Separate dining room, great for dinner parties. Relax on the sweet front porch sipping coffee. Move in now and enjoy the summer entertaining on your large raised deck directly off the kitchen. Plant your garden and still have plenty of space in your huge fenced backyard with patio.'"
'\'For sale: $285,000. PICTURE PERFECT ~ This home doesn\\\'t disappoint! Very easy to see.. Completely redesigned expansive floor-plan! French door entry into large foyer with formal areas to include crown molding, window trim & matching chandeliers. Impressive kitchen with gorgeous level 4 granite, 2-tone cabinetry with bead board decorative finish, stainless appliance package, chrome hardware, double drum stainless sink with upgraded faucet. Master suite offers vaulted ceilings, can lighting, access door to lanai, large walk-in closet. Stunning master bath with black glass mosaic tile design in stand-up shower, over-sized corner soaking tub, separate sink areas with modern faucets, black Hollywood lighting & ladies vanity on one side. White marble look tile throughout on diagonal, 7" baseboards through-out, new fans & lighting, 2" white window blinds & completely re-painted inside & out. Sherwin Williams super paint, new A/C, landscape package, mature trees & quiet, wooded neighborhood. Location is prime! Two blocks from Christa McAuliffe Charter School & Jim Jeffers park. Minutes to Publix shopping center, Walgreens & lots of dining! 20min. drive to Ft Myers or Punta Gorda. HOME WARRANTY INCLUDED!\''
"'For sale: $2,299,000. Clean lines, amazing sunset views, and tremendous privacy. Exquisitely designed by Jay Vanos, AIA. This 2009 built Studio City Hills Contemporary architectural stunner is a private oasis nestled within the award winning Carpenter school district boundaries and emanates unsurpassed quality finishes throughout. Over 3100+ square feet of living space. Soaring volume ceilings and spectacular views from every room. Open concept multi-level floorplan with four bedrooms and baths, plus office/library and family/media rooms. Master bedroom retreat featuring a spa inspired bath and huge closet areas. Grassy yard with water feature off the main living/entertaining areas, for the perfect indoor/outdoor flow. Professionally landscaped with new Fichus trees and sod installed along the exterior. State of the art security systems, high-end appliances, automatic black out blinds, incredible extended wrap around balcony, even a private path to your own tranquility garden. A complete zen-like environment. Attention to detail at every corner, this is an unparalleled opportunity for those seeking excellence.'"
'\'For sale: $4,995,000. Located within one of Kiawah\\\'s most prestigious neighborhoods, The Settlement, lies 93 Salthouse Lane. Hallmarked by hedge lined streets, a meandering golf course, golden marshes, and the ribboning Kiawah River, the location of this home provides privacy and access to world-class facilities.\\n\\n\\xa0\\xa0 \\xa0\\n\\nDesigned by renowned architect Marc Camens with care and precision for a family that cherishes time well spent with family and friends, the home and grounds showcase the best of what life on Kiawah offers.\\n\\n\\n\\nThe outdoor spaces rival that of the interior spaces. The private Garapa wood dock extends outward to the Kiawah River, complete with a 4-pile 8,000 lb. platinum series aluminum boatlift with a remote control feature for added convenience.\\n\\n\\n\\nA custom designed heated saltwater pool and spa tub with travertine coping provides a welcome respite from the summer heat. An outdoor kitchen with a 36" Wolf outdoor grill surrounded by a Spanish cedar grill cabinet with Vetrazzo Glass countertops makes for easy outdoor entertaining. As dusk rolls in, a comprehensive outdoor lighting system illuminates the grounds. A remote controlled outdoor gas fire pit creates a magical setting on cooler evenings.\\n\\n\\n\\nCustom copper Carolina lanterns frame the Mahogany front door, welcoming family and friends into the home\\\'s foyer. Details found throughout the first floor include extensive trim, paneling, molding, and coffered ceilings; all set against views of the marsh and river.\\xa0\\n\\n\\n\\nThe living room features built-in cabinetry and a gas fireplace with custom designed mantel and Matrix granite surround. Glass French doors open to the outdoor living spaces for seamless indoor/outdoor living. Transom entryways distinguish the dining room from living area. Centered by a Circa Axel Orb Chandelier, the dining room seats eight comfortably.\\xa0\\n\\n\\n\\nOpen and filled with natural light, the kitchen boasts Royal White granite countertops with mitered edging. At the heart of the kitchen, a 60"Wolf Dual Fuel Range with hood extend upwards to the coffered ceilings with Royal White granite backsplash above the range. The center island with bar seating provides a casual eating space, while a walk-in pantry has floor to ceiling cabinetry. A horseshoe shaped banquet seating area creates a cozy breakfast nook.\\n\\n\\n\\nSecluded from the main living areas, the master suite comprises of a soothing bedroom, large bathroom, and walk-in closet. The spa-like master bathroom features Dorado travertine flooring and infinity shower drain and large Kohler Underscore soaking tub. Attention to detail continues in the spacious master closet with floor-to-ceiling walnut cabinetry.\\n\\n\\n\\nEnshrouded behind a Mahogany door, a guest bedroom or office includes custom trim and paneling with a complementing coffered ceiling, soft window treatments and an en-suite bathroom with marble basketweave floor.\\n\\n\\n\\nThe second floor encompasses a secondary master suite, and two additional bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms. Overlooking the marsh and river, the light filled secondary master bedroom includes a built-in desk and bench window seat with additional storage space. The marble appointed bathroom showcases luxurious soaking tub surrounded by granite and a built-in vanity.\\n\\n\\xa0\''
'"For sale: $239,000. WELCOME HOME!! You\'ve been looking for the perfect home and THIS IS IT!! Come see this adorable, two-story home with an attached garage nestled in The Cottages at Johns Island, a very well-maintained subdivision! The Stevenson is a nice open floor plan featuring everything you need to include a cozy front porch to drink your morning coffee or visit with friends, a large family room that opens up to a beautiful, spacious, eat-in kitchen with expansive counter space and 36\'\' gorgeous wall cabinets providing tons of storage! There are 9 foot ceilings throughout the downstairs and a half bath for your guests. Three spacious bedrooms and two full bathrooms are located upstairs. The large master bedroom has a walk-in closet and a nice-sized bathroom with two sinks in a high, marble vanity countertop. The washer/dryer connections are located on the second floor as well for your convenience and out of the way of company. The tankless gas water heater will provide unlimited hot water. The majority of the upstairs has been freshly painted. The home has been hard-wired for a security system to ensure your privacy. This home is fresh, inviting and is conveniently located just minutes from historic downtown Charleston, fantastic restaurants, golf courses, and area beaches. Buyer to verify schools and square footage measure, measure, measure!"'
"'For sale: $109,000. The perfect starter home or investment. All electric plumbing and mechanicals were installed a year ago, property was rented in the past for 1,000 per month. Property is move in ready, fantastic location on a quiet block, neighborhood is rapidly developing and just minutes from center city.~ Features 3 large size bedrooms with closets in each, 1 bath. Spacious basement for storage.~Laundry room conveniently located on main floor. Windows have been replaced.~'"
"'For sale: $115,000. Investment Opportunity Situated Within Up and Coming Brewerytown. Loads of potential to Create a Beautiful Home in an Area that has Caught the Attention of Many Developers and Prospective Home Buyers. Since the Properties Purchase just over a Year ago, the Current Owner has had new Concrete Poured for the Front Sidewalk and Rear Yard, Installed new 8ft Wooden Fence Posts, New drain piping was Installed Under the Front Sidewalk and Rear Yard Concrete, New PECO Meter with Service Line Installed and Connected on Front Exterior of Property, New 100 Amp Panel Box in Basement, The Exterior Features a New Brick Front and Matching Steps, New Front Door/Windows, The First Floors Rear Wall Was Completely Rebuilt With Cinderblock and the Second Floors with Plywood, The Basement, Kitchen, North Wall and Majority of the Second Floor were Completely Reframed, The Basement was Dug Down and Cleared out Creating a just Above 6ft of Clearance with New Concrete Poured on the Floor and Walls, New Concrete Poured on the North Walls of First Floor, A Complete Demo and Removal of the Dilapidated Rear Wall was Completed. In Addition, a 100yard Dumpsters Worth of Trash and Debris was Removed From Property and Surrounding Site. Property Sale also Includes Leftover Uninstalled HVAC Ducts/Vents, PVC Plumbing and any Remaining Building Materials. Property is Being Sold AS-IS.'"
"'For sale: $240,000. Recently renovated home in Hot Brewerytown! Open layout living room features exposed brick, recessed lighting and hardwood floors leading into the dining area. Updated kitchen features brand new stainless steel appliances and modern subway tile backsplash. Off the dining room, back patio space will be great for entertaining and to showcase your green thumb in the warmer months. Upstairs, 3 well-appointed bedrooms share a fully tiled hall bath. This location is a short walk to Flying Fish Craft House, the Girard Avenue Corridor, Fairmount Park, Art Museum and Kelly Drive. Easy access to public transportation, I76 and Center City. **please note: paint colors have been updated to more neutral tones since these photos were taken**'"
'\'For sale: $175,000. Up and coming Brewerytown area.  Three bedroom one bath home.  Being sold in it\\\'s "AS IS" condition. Tenant occupied.\''
'\'For sale: $339,900. NEW CONSTRUCTION - Expected completion June 2018 (Pictures of another home, but home will look very similar). This transitional home features 3 bedrooms + den, 2 baths, and a 3 car garage. Palmetto Pines Golf Course seconds away, Plenty of room in the garage to store your golf cart. PGT IMPACTS WINDOWS AND DOORS THROUGHOUT! 6x36 wood plank tile throughout with carpet in the bedrooms and wood in the den. Trey ceilings, solid wood 42" cabinets, stainless steel appliances, and granite counter tops throughout! In the master bedroom you will find trey ceilings, two walk-in closets, dual sinks, and a walk around shower. Your SOUTHERN EXPOSURE, salt water pool comes equipped with an extended paver deck, sun shelf with a bubbler, 4 water jet streams, and an LED light. There is also an area pre-plumbed/wired for an outdoor kitchen. Plenty of backyard space for your pets or gatherings. In love with this home? Still early enough to make some selections!\''
'"For sale: $244,900. Sandoval is the premiere community in Cape Coral! This 3 bed 2 bath home features over 1,500 square feet and sits quietly on an over sized lot at the end of a private cul-de-sac. Large tile throughout living and wet areas. Soaring vaulted ceilings in the center of the home. Kitchen features solid surface counter tops, tile backsplash and recessed lighting and overlooks the living area, dining area and out through two sets of sliders creating a perfect set up for entertaining. Extra paved lanai space out back with under truss lanai and additional screened in area. Electric hurricane shutters on lanai and hot tub stays. Dual sinks with extra connected counter space in master, walk in shower with glass bypass doors. Master shower and water room equipped with horizontal bars for stability. Upgraded landscape package includes a beautiful pineapple palm in the back yard with water views to the west. Sandoval residents just approved a 1.9 million dollar renovation to the clubhouse/amenities. Don\'t miss out on this incredible opportunity in gorgeous Sandoval."'
'\'For sale: $246,660. Welcome to your brand new energy efficient home located off of Viscaya and Del Prado. Estimated completion date is May/Jun. This home features an open floor plan with a 3 car garage, high ceilings and lots of windows. The kitchen has beautiful granite countertops. Your floors have a neutral plank vinyl in the wet and living areas and carpet in the bedrooms. There is plenty of space to place large bedroom furniture and a luxurious bath with a tiled wall stand-up shower w/ vikrell base. The walk-in closet provides more than enough space for even the choosiest buyer. The great room is made for entertaining, it\\\'s open to the kitchen with sliding glass doors and windows that bring in lots of light. The kitchen has loads of cabinets with 42" uppers, a large island for additional seating, recessed LED lights, deep SS sink with pull out faucet and Whirlpool Stainless appliances. This home also boasts double pane insulated, LowE windows and many energy-related features to save you money on your utility bills. 2 year builder warranty included. Don\\\'t miss the opportunity to own this home!  Closing costs incentives available with use of preferred lender.\''
"'For sale: $310,000. This sundrenched gem needs a few finishing touches to really shine.  Located on a charming tree-lined block in Graduate Hospital.  Lots of light, center stair, Patio, one bedroom with office/ dressing area, one bathroom, basement.    Perfectly situated this home just steps away from the Marion Anderson Recreation Center, Chester Arthur Elementary School, Rittenhouse Square, South Street, and the best of neighborhood cafes, dining, shopping, and more!  Showings will begin on Sunday, April 8 at 1;30'"
'"For sale: $375,000. This uber-charming classic Philadelphia rowhome is in a fantastic Graduate Hospital location. Within blocks of neighborhood favorites like Sidecar Bar and Grille, Ultimo Coffee and Philly Bagels, the home is also convenient to pretty much anywhere else via public transportation, the South Street Bridge, even the Indego bike rack across the street. The house features original hardwood floors throughout, including a pretty inlay just inside the vestibule that serves as a built-in welcome mat, and the better-than-gray neutral color palette with pops of vibrant hues complement the overall charm of the home. The lovely, bright living room at the front connects directly to the spacious L-shaped kitchen, with crisp white cabinets and appliances leaving plenty of room for an actual dining table?although a built-in banquette would look dynamite. Straight side stairs with a pretty original banister take you up to two sweet nice-sized bedrooms, both with deep closets. There\'s a nicely appointed hall bath with walk-in shower, pretty white vanity and two overhead transom windows that allow great natural light while providing privacy?and don\'t miss the linen closet in the hallway. Out back is good-sized yard, with plenty of space for grilling and perhaps some raised planting beds. The basement offers a laundry area in addition to plenty of room for storage. On a sweet little block above Christian St, this property makes a great turnkey starter home, or the perfect addition your investment portfolio. (The booked-solid Airbnb calendar is a testament to its appeal.)"'
"'For sale: $207,900. Home is under-construction and the expected completion date is March 9, 2018. The Brand New Amelia floor plan is located in the beautiful Cape Coral. This spacious one-story home features 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, and is 1,401 square feet with a 2 car garage. Included in this beautiful new home, are new appliances, custom cabinets, sprinkler system in front and back yards, and a Homeowner Warranty.'"
'"For sale: $216,000. Welcome to Entrada!  Our newest community Gated community in Cape Coral, conveniently located near 41 on Del Prado Blvd, near shopping and restaurants! Don\'t miss out on this brand new Hamilton floor plan at Entrada!  The Hamilton features over 1500 square feet of open living space with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms/2 car garage. This home also  features a spacious kitchen that is open to the great room and caf area.  Upgrades include appliances, refrigerator, washer/dryer and blinds as well as tile in the great room.  Don\'t miss out on this Hamilton at Entrada!"'
'"For sale: $585,000. Come see this gorgeous brand new home featuring hardwood floors throughout, central air and heat, 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, finished basement and a large back yard. Welcome to your living room, spacious with high ceilings, recessed lights throughout, powder room on main floor along with a coat closet for your convenience. Continue to the living area leading to a chef\'s kitchen with state of the art Whirlpool appliances package, custom kitchen with soft closing cabinetry and quartz counter and a rear decked yard with space for gardening. This magnificent home has been completely renovated top to bottom with attention to detail throughout the house including a bonus room with separate storage area and a full size laundry room. Second floor has 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, electronic skylight over staircase and hallway to allow plenty of natural light, master bedroom, master bath, double sink vanity with Carrera counter top, large shower with floor to ceiling carrera marble tile. Awesome location in the Graduate Hospital area, walking distance to center city, restaurants, supermarkets and more. Comes with a 10 year tax abatement. Make your appointment today."'
"'For sale: $389,900. '"
'\'For sale: $289,900. New construction!! Christopher Alan Homes "St. Augustine" model. Beautiful 4 bedroom pool home in SW Cape Coral. Home comes with a 10 yr full structural warranty and a 1 year bumper to bumper builder warranty! Features : Under truss lanai, Lenox 14 Seer high efficiency AC system, Moen plumbing fixtures, Heritage dimensional shingles, PGT Low E Double Pane Insulated windows with tilt out pane, Real wood cabinets with soft close, Granite in kitchen and bathrooms, Stainless steel Frigidaire appliance package, colonial style raised panel doors, Electric garage door opener, 18" tile flooring through out, stone accents on front elevation of the home, 4 zone irrigation system, upgraded landscape package, epoxy coated garage floors, paver driveway. You will not find another new construction home at this price with this quality of construction and materials. Estimated completion date May 2018.\''
"'For sale: $230,900. Home is under-construction and the expected completion date is Mar 9, 2018. The Brand New Captiva floor plan is located in the beautiful community at Cape Coral. The spacious one story home features 3 bedrooms, 2 baths with a 2 car garage. Included in this beautiful new home are new appliances, custom cabinets, sprinkler system in front and back yard, and a Homeowner Warranty.'"
"'For sale: $485,000. Escape from the hustle and bustle of the city streets into the peaceful serenity of this home located on the lovely garden block that is Madison Square.  This one-of-a-kind two bedroom home is a mix of carefully preserved original details and smartly added modern finishes.  Open the artfully refinished solid wood front door into your new home on one of the few garden blocks in our city. The first floor features two large living spaces with high ceilings and new over-sized Pella windows that drench this floor in natural light and provide a view of the pretty garden out front.  The main staircase with preserved double handmade railings and decorative moldings is situated between these two spaces.  On one side of the staircase, there is a living room space with ceiling molding details and rich dark hardwood flooring that carries throughout the first floor.  On the other side, there is the kitchen and a large space which could easily accommodate a dining table and chairs. The kitchen features custom dark gray solid wood cabinetry, a stylish marble backsplash, gleaming white quartz countertops, high-end stainless steel appliances, including a five burner Samsung gas range with hood and a Fisher and Paykel refrigerator.  Around the corner there is a smartly-placed powder room with an exposed brick wall and a built-in vanity.  Upstairs you will find a good-sized master bedroom with walk-in closet complete with custom shelving system and ceiling fan.  The guest room is large enough for any use and features a double closet.  Between the bedrooms is the main bathroom, which is truly a luxury retreat!  This bathroom is a rare find with stand-alone soaking tub, large walk-in tile shower with seamless glass shower door and custom-made quartz topped double vanity providing ample storage.  Downstairs you will find a finished basement with good ceiling height.  There is also an enclosed laundry room with Samsung washer and dryer and all new mechanicals.  Outside there is a patio that has been neatly finished with stone pavers and provides just the right amount of space for your grill and bistro set.  However, with this property you are truly gaining two outdoor spaces, as the garden block provides the unique option of sitting right out front of your home.  Not only is this home a short walk to Sidecar Bar, Los Camaradas, Green Isle Grocery, South Square Market and community space at the Grays Ferry Triangle, it is also an easy commute to center city and UPENN.'"
"'For sale: $222,900. **UNDER CONSTRUCTION, complete end APRIL 2018**Great location across from waterfront homes, plenty of room to add a pool. North of Hancock Bridge Prkwy & South of Pine Island Rd w/convenient access to Del Prado Blvd. ALL city utilities in place & NOT in a flood zone, NO flood insurance required! This great room design home has 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 4 ceiling fans, split bedrooms, inside laundry room with deep sink & large (9x20) screened lanai. Other features of this home include: low E single hung tinted dual panel insulated glass windows, tile floors throughout with carpet in the 3 bedrooms, granite counter tops in kitchen & both bathrms,  master bedroom has tray ceiling, large walk-in closet with a master bath that has dual sinks & walk-in shower. Stainless steel kitchen appliances to include: side by side refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave & range (to be delivered a week prior to closing). Kitchen will also have under cabinet lighting. The exterior will be complete with upgraded landscaping, floratam sod & automatic irrigation system. SOME PHOTOS OF SIMILAR HOME SHOWN so you can see how this home will be finished. Water & irr paid, buyer to assume balance of sewer assessment.'"
"'For sale: $270,000. Brand new home with open floor plan in great Cape Coral location! Large great room opens to the screened-in lanai. This home is equipped with impact windows and doors, stainless steel appliances, wood cabinets and washer and dryer. The kitchen and bathroom feature granite counters and the spacious master bedroom features a tray ceiling. Tile flooring is located throughout the home with carpet in the bedrooms. All assessments have been paid in full. Close to schools, restaurants and shopping. Completion by August 2018. *Note: Photos are from previously built house of the same model.'"
"'For sale: $379,000. Walk from Rittenhouse Square or the South Street Bridge in minutes to your new home on the quaint tree-lined block of Madison Square.  As you walk up the tulip planted fronted steps and enter you will enjoy basking in the natural light beaming into the living room and dining room areas.  The kitchen has a granite top eat in bar and stainless-steel appliances so its ripe for entertaining while preparing fun meals.  Continue through the kitchen to access the backyard great for outdoor cooking/dining experiences.  Downstairs is a full basement with laundry and lots of storage.  Upstairs are two good sized carpeted bedrooms with even more natural light and surprisingly generous closet space.  The bathroom is located in the middle for both bedrooms to share.  This charming home is a short walk from Side Car, Los Camaradas, and all that South Street has to offer for shopping and dining.  Take public transportation to city hall in less than 20 minutes.  Make an appointment today!'"
'"For sale: $599,900. OPEN HOUSE THIS SUNDAY, 4/15 11-1!!  Welcome to 2139 Christian, a spacious 4 bedroom 1.5 bath 3-Story quintessential Townhome situated in one of Philadelphia\'s premier neighborhoods, Graduate Hospital.  This home has been brought down to the studs and EVERYTHING is new! Literally unpack your bag and enjoy it all: a large Living Room / Dining Room combination complete with gorgeous engineered wood floors in a rich brown finish and new recessed lighting; a well appointed brand new kitchen with plenty of white cabinetry, lovely granite counters and new appliances, new sink and faucet and stylish wood flooring. Outside you\'ll find a surprisingly large,deep backyard with tons of possibilities for Spring and Summer fun! The lower level Family Room / Den is wonderful: fully finished with recessed lighting, wood-like tile flooring, a separate laundry room w/ washer and dryer (included in sale) lovely brand new powder room, and storage area. Upstairs on the 2nd and 3rd you\'ll find 4 excellent-sized bedrooms w/ good closet space, new lighting and carpet; 2nd floor also features a stylish brand new full tiled bath - high end plumbing and lighting fixtures, all in neutral tones. The entire home has new walls that have been newly painted with stylish custom colors, and the windows are all new! Theres also CA, all new 6 panel doors and an efficient tankless hot water heater. (Approx 2000\'ft of living space includes finished part of basement). All this and in a fantastic location with parking available on both sides of the street, very close to Rittenhouse Square and walkable to many restaurants, bars, coffee shops and parks! Don\'t miss this one!"'
"'For sale: $379,000. Absolutely gorgeous luxury waterfront Home. Immaculate and move in ready. Beautiful new home, east exposure, on Freshwater Canal, large outside area to build a big pool. Open Floorplan with awesome upgrades. 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, and a Den.  All bath with upgraded Tiles and tempered-Glass Vessel Sinks.  Luxury Kitchen overlooks Family room and Pool area, Stainless Steel Appliances and Granite Countertop. Living area with Tiles and Carpet in the Bedrooms. Part of the Assessments are paid. Gread SE Cape Location, close to Shopping, Schools and Restaurantes.'"
'\'For sale: $223,835. WELCOME TO YOUR BRAND NEW HOME!!  ALL ASSESSMENTS PAID!!!  This is our Aria floor plan at 1672 square feet.  Great SW Cape Coral location right near Skyline Blvd and Trafalgar Pkwy.  This beautifully appointed home comes with 36" kitchen cabinets, 18" tile everywhere except the bedrooms, all appliances including washer and dryer, blinds on all windows except for slider, full irrigation system, electric garage door with opener, and full builder\\\'s warranty.  We offer several varieties of financing options and ways to contribute to your closing costs.  This is why owning a brand new home from America\\\'s largest builder is going to be your best option.\''
"'For sale: $215,000. Fabulous New Construction home in SW Cape Coral, available NOW - NO WAITING! Look at what is included - GRANITE COUNTERTOPS in the Kitchen and Both Bathrooms, SOLID WOOD CABINETS in the kitchen and bathrooms, Amana STAINLESS APPLIANCES, TILE flooring in ALL ROOMS (no carpet), CEILING FANS in all rooms, FULL, automatic, Rainbird IRRIGATION system, FLORATAM GRASS and more. Southern Exposure with plenty of room for a Pool. Great location just off Skyline & Veterans. Very convenient with easy access to all that SW Florida has to offer. Looking to build? Seller will build on your lot! Call additional details and your private showing.'"
"'For sale: $279,990. Picture your brand new custom home on this triple lot in beautiful Cape Coral. With restaurants, entertainment fishing locations and your choice of schools close by, this is an ideal situation for anyone ready to buy a NEW HOME!'"
'\'For sale: $229,900. Just received Certificate of Occupancy!  One of the Most affordable 4 bd./2 bath BRAND NEW, never lived in homes in the city.  QUALITY construction home! St. Augustine model. This spacious Beautiful 4 bedroom home in NE Cape Coral neighborhood is surrounded by new homes. Home comes with a 1 year bumper to bumper builder\\\'s warranty  from date of Certificate of Occupany and 10 yr full structural warranty! Features: Large front porch, Under truss lanai, Lenox 14 Seer high efficiency AC system, Moen plumbing fixtures, Heritage dimensional shingles, MI Low E Double Pane Insulated windows with tilt out pane, Real wood, raised panel cabinets, Stainless steel Frigidaire appliance package, Electric garage door opener, 18" tile flooring throughout, upgraded landscape package, epoxy coated garage floors and spray crete lanai floors. You will not find another new construction home at this price with this quality of construction and materials. Home can be sold individually, or as a package with 2 other homes that just received their Certificate of Occupancy.  Make an appointment today!\''
'\'For sale: $224,900. The Eva is a 3 bedroom, 2 baths, great room floor plan boasts a spacious 1544sf of under air living space and 9\\\' 4" ceilings throughout. There is also a family-friendly kitchen with solid wood cabinets, volume ceiling with a tray in both the main living area and master bedroom. Interior doors are all 8\\\'-2 Panel Design. Also featuring a Tiled Master Shower. The indoor laundry room and formal dining area make it a most functional plan. Pavered driveway, sidewalk, and lanai. This Eva is scheduled for completion in Mid April 2018.\''
'"For sale: $550,000. This stunning, 3-story single family home is absolutely bursting with charming details, luxurious finishes, and a sophisticated character that you\'re sure to love. Centrally located within walking distance to Rittenhouse Square, and boasting amazing features like hardwood floors, exposed brick, dedicated full bathrooms for each bed room, custom built-closet space, and a private patio, this home is ready to impress! Enter into the sunny main level, offering a straight-through design which flows from the living room through the eat-in kitchen. There\'s a gas fireplace, decorative lighting fixtures, stainless steel appliances in the kitchen, and a bright and airy feel with lots of sunlight from both ends. The kitchen also has built-in oven and microwave, gas range with stainless steel hood, rich wooden cabinetry, and gorgeous granite countertops. At the top of the first flight of stairs, there\'s a lovely sun-soaked landing which is shown as an office space, but is versatile and spacious enough for a variety of setups. There\'s a hall closet with your stacked washer and dryer for added convenience! The first bedroom features a decorative brick fireplace, large windows overlooking the tree-lined street below, and a full bathroom in the hallway with a granite topped vanity and antique gold sink. The third floor is the dedicated master suite-- breathtaking features include a vaulted ceiling with recessed lighting, custom-built shoe closet with sliding barn door, tons of additional closet space, and a private spa-like bathroom with oversized frameless-glass stall shower, dual sinks, and a jetted tub with a window above for natural light. The private back patio is brick paved and offers privacy fencing, and plenty of room for a BBQ and entertaining guests! There\'s a large unfinished basement for additional storage space. Live within walking distance to the Broad St line and local bus routes, and tons of nearby parks, shops, restaurants, bars, and cafes including Southgate, Bistro La Baia, Starbucks, Lou Bird\'s, Metropolitan Bakery, Marathon on the Square, Pumpkin, and Marian Anderson Park, to name just a few. Schedule your showing and explore this wonderful home and neighborhood for yourself!"'
"'For sale: $219,900. Beautiful brand new renovated home in East Kensington!  First floor features beautiful hardwood floors and kitchen with granite countertops with stainless steel appliances.  The Second floor features hardwood floors, 2 bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms.  Other features include: new HVAC, new windows, plumbing, and more.  Terrific location!  Close to public transportation, Temple University Hospital and more.  This house will not last!  BONUS: One Year Home Warranty.'"
"'For sale: $159,000. Great opportunity for a First Time Home Owner. Total Renovated 3 bedroom Townhome with a brand new kitchen, enclosed back space area and washer/ dryer in the home. Walking distance to public transportation and close to the 95 Expressway.'"
"'For sale: $209,900. None'"
"'For sale: $289,000. Remarkable and stylish renovation on popular Fishtown Street with new construction all around.  Come see this lovely home with open floor plan, living room with accent wall and dining room which flows into modern updated kitchen. Kitchen opens to paved fenced back yard. Basement is clean and dry with washer dryer and all new mechanicals, possibility for finishing or using for storage. Upstairs you have three bedrooms with good closet space and a large three piece bath with designer tiles and sink. Morning and evening sunlight make this a bright and cheery place to come home to with spacious garden lots on the block. Come take a look and make it yours today.'"
"'For sale: $309,900. Spectacular Custom new rehab with character and tastefully done. First floor custom hardwood flooring, with glass fire place, rustic wall, custom vaulted high ceilings with LED lighting. Custom granite, tile kitchen with upgraded stainless steel appliances, custom back splash tile, entrance to nice size yard. Finished custom tile basement with powder room, laundry room, all new systems. Second floor custom staircase, with three nice size bedrooms, custom imported italian tile bathroom shower with glass shower doors, ample closets. This home is spectacular, stunning, Amazing. Access to all shopping, super markets, public transportation, restaurants, ect....'"
'"For sale: $609,900. The St. Lucia 2 offers high ceilings, 90 degree sliders in the Living room. Master bedroom sliders to the pool, wrap around panoramic windows around the morning room and walls of glass provide the feel of a much larger home, featuring this Golf Course Home access at its\' best.The builder has a proven history of satisfied buyers with over 5000 homes built in the last 40 years in Florida. They only provide the best in quality, building components and customer service. Featuring their signature open span lanai across the back of the home (no columns), fabulous designer pool, PGT high impact low-e thermally insulated (double pane) windows and sliding glass doors, tiled roof, paver drive, walk and decking, beautiful wood cabinetry and granite counters throughout, Whirlpool stainless steel appliances, porcelain tile flooring in entire living and wet areas, spacious three car epoxy floors in garage with epoxy finish floor and so much more. Why take a chance with a no name builder? We take pride in our reputation of creating custom, luxury homes and being in business since 1972 with a dedication to perfection."'
"'For sale: $279,900. Rarely offered semi detached porch front home with extra garden space in front of porch area. Newer heater and hot water heater. Great opportunity for rehab or owner occupant.'"
'"For sale: $285,000. Step into this lovely 3 bed, 1 bath charmer in Fishtown, one of Philadelphia\'s hottest neighborhoods! This property shines with updated fixtures and fresh paint inside and out. Walking into the front door, you\'ll be met with polished hardwood floors extending throughout the home, and lovely archway details. On this level, a  bright and open living/dining area leads you to the freshly renovated kitchen that boasts modern, stainless steel appliances, fresh white cabinetry, subway tile backsplash and a unique light fixture. Stepping upstairs, you\'ll find a spacious, bright main bedroom with ample closet space as well as two additional roomy bedrooms all fully carpeted. A cheerful hallway bath with a contemporary vanity complete this floor. The basement offers plenty of additional storage space as well as a laundry area. Outside lies a comfortable fenced patio providing a quiet outdoor escape in the center of the city. There a great spots for potted plants atop the painted concrete wall cozying the space. Located right off the kitchen, this patio is perfect for entertaining, grilling, and outdoor dining. There is street parking, but it\'s never a problem parking on this quiet block. Come be part of one of Philly\'s most exciting neighborhoods. Central to everything, you are minutes from great local spots like Cook & Shaker, Memphis Taproom, Martha, Philly Brewing Co., Pizza Brain, and Greensgrow Farms. Also close proximity to the Riverwards Produce, Loco Pez, local shopping, SEPTA, and easy access to 95. Don\'t let this opportunity pass you by, call and make a viewing appointment today!"'
"'For sale: $249,800. Welcome to 2420 Tulip Street, an extremely charming Fishtown Row that has been completely renovated and is nestled on a great block in the heart of this highly sought after neighborhood. The home itself combines modern amenities with a historic old world feel and features a beautiful brick facade and interior exposed brick along with central air, hardwood floors throughout, and recessed lighting. The first floor is perfect for entertaining , with an open layout living / dining area as well as an impeccably designed kitchen off the rear with solid wood cabinetry, perfectly paired granite counter tops, tiled backsplash & floors, as well as stainless appliance package. Upstairs you will find 2 spacious bedroom with ample closet space as well as a full half bath with gorgeous finishes and fixtures. Amazing central location near to major roadways, public transportation, and the many great attractions that Fishtown has to offer. We welcome your visit today!'"
'"For sale: $314,800. Spectacular redevelopment corner home on the most desired Fishtown area. This 2 story Brick front home comes with stucco on masonry side wall. Inside shining cherry real Hardwood floors throughout alongside with LED recess dimmer lights throughout the first, the second floor and basement. First floor features also has a convenient powder room, a rare living dining room with 10\'tall ceiling and tall windows. There are new and spacious modern kitchen with high end cabinets and island with Quartz counter tops. Kitchen door open to fenced generous back yard enough space for potential 2 cars parking  or can be transformed into an urban garden or a relaxation haven. Second floor has 3 spacious bedrooms and 2 modern full baths. Finished spacious basement with porcelain tile floor, Walk in closets, can be used as a large 4th bedroom and a man cave. Efficiency new HVAC, Water heater, all new windows. Excellent location just 12 minutes diving to center city, 93 Walk Score! Few minutes walking to Restaurants, Coffee, bars, groceries, Parks, Schools, Shopping, Theater, Pharmacies. Spectacular redevelopment corner home on the most desired Fishtown area. This 2 story Brick front home comes with stucco on masonry side wall. Inside shining cherry real Hardwood floors throughout alongside with LED recess dimmer lights throughout the first, the second floor and basement. First floor features also has a convenient powder room, a rare living dining room with 10\'tall ceiling and tall windows. There are new and spacious modern kitchen with high end cabinets and island with Quartz counter tops.  Kitchen door open to fenced large back yard enough space for potential 2 cars parking. Second floor has 3 spacious bedrooms and 2 modern full baths. Finished spacious basement with porcelain tile floor, Walk in closets, can be used as a large 4th bedroom and a man cave. Efficiency new HVAC, Water heater, all new windows.  Excellent location just 12 minutes diving to center city, 93 Walk Score! Few minutes walking to Restaurants, Coffee, bars, groceries, Parks, Schools, Shopping, Theater, Pharmacies."'
"'For sale: $216,500. Beautiful DR Horton Cali floor plan at 1828 square feet. Great SE Cape Coral location right near Santa Barbara Blvd and Trafalgar Pkwy with ALL ASSESSMENTS PAID!!! Home comes with 18??? tile everywhere except the bedrooms, all appliances including washer and dryer, blinds on all windows except for slider, full irrigation system, electric garage door with opener, and transferable builder???s warranty. Call to schedule your showing appt today!'"
'\'For sale: $234,900. The Ross is a 3 bedroom, 2 baths, great room floor plan that boasts a spacious 1673sf of under air living space and 9\\\' 4" ceilings throughout. The plan also includes a family friendly kitchen with solid wood cabinets, volume ceiling with a tray in both the main living area and master bedroom. Interior doors are all 8\\\'-2 Panel Design. Also featuring a Tiled Master Shower. The indoor laundry room and formal dining area make it a most functional plan. Pavered driveway, sidewalk, and lanai. This Ross is estimated for completion May 2018, Photos in this listing are of a like home.\''
"'For sale: $218,995. Freshly updated 2 bedroom / 1 bathroom townhouse on a quite block in Fishtown. Brick front home with a spacious yard great for entertaining guests and barbecuing in the summer. Parquet flooring in the living room, leading up to the eat-in kitchen. Lower level has plenty of storage space with a washer and dryer. The second floor has 2 bedrooms and a newly refinished bathroom. Walking distance to many Fishtown hot spots and easy access to I-95. Do not wait on this deal, come see it now.'"
'"For sale: $255,000. For sale at the perfect time for the warm weather is this creatively and beautifully renovated Two-Floor, Two-Bedroom home on a quiet, residential street in the heart of Fishtown.  This turn-key property has creatively and pragmatically used its space to optimize every square foot of this house.  From the hidden A/C unit, to the dug out sealed basement with 8\'+ ceilings, it can also come fully furnished! Then besides the Central Air, this house also boasts amenities like Hardwood Floors, Washer/Dryer, Hard-Wired Security System, Modern Kitchen with Stainless Steel Appliances, Recessed Lighting with Dimmer Switches throughout, Ceiling Fans, and over 8\' Ceilings and Ample Storage in the sealed Basement.  Brand New Windows were installed all through the 2nd Floor, and the house also offers a nice-sized Back Patio for grilling and entertaining all year round.  It sits a short walk to grocery stores, shops and cafes, and all the new restaurants and bars in Northern Liberties, Fishtown and Kensington!  Own a piece of Fishtown for the future that sits in an amazing location next to local favorites like Loco Pez, ReAnimator Coffee, Primo Hoagies, Cedar Point, and Medusa Pizzaria.  Also, short walking blocks from the important things like the new on and off ramps for I-95, the waterfront and green spaces, as well as the El train, bus stops and SEPTA transportation!  * Recent Price Drop, Open Houses the next two weekends (04/14 & 04/21), & Easy Showings, what could be simpler!? *"'
'"For sale: $199,900. Look no further! This 2 story Fishtown home is located on a nice block close to all that Fishtown and Port Richmond have to offer- at your finger tips. This is a 2 bedroom home with an additional room, which could be used for an office, den, or a large closet. There is one full bathroom which has just been totally remodeled with ceramic white subway tiles, new fixtures and tub and it comes with a transferable lifetime warranty. This home features exposed brick walls, newer stainless steel kitchen appliances, Brand new carpet on the steps and both bedrooms, and a large open backyard. The convenience to public transportation, Supermarkets, WaWa, and the Aramingo commercial corridor makes this home\'s location quite ideal. Make sure to check out the Greenrock tavern, the hinge cafe, and Memphis taproom, only a few blocks away. Make your appointment today, this home is priced to sell."'
"'For sale: $212,000. Excellent buy in Fishtown! Cute 2 bedroom home, offers living room/dining room combo leading to the kitchen with exit to rear yard on the first floor. Second floor has 2 bedrooms and a hall bathroom. Basement is full unfinished. New floors, freshly painted, heater installed 2017, new roof with 15 years warranty installed in January, 2018. Central air. Very low taxes. Grab it while interest rates are still very low.'"
'"For sale: $420,000. This like new pool home located on a 4 lot site in the SW offers 3 Beds, 2 Baths and Den. The open kitchen has granite, walk-up bar and separate breakfast nook overlooking the back lanai and pool area. There is tile throughout. The master suite includes a tray ceiling feature; the master bath is spacious with double sinks, a walk-in closet, a large walk-in rain shower and slider entry to the back lanai and  heated pool . The details of this home include 12 \' ceiling in the great room with a 14\' tall double tray ceiling and 8\' doors throughout. This home offers significant curb appeal, dimensional shingles and a luscious landscape. The pool cage extends to the length of the home, providing ample outdoor space for relaxing and entertaining, and has decorative lanai pavers, as well as a pool bath leading to the interior of the home."'
"'For sale: $238,900. Welcome Home!  This beautiful spacious like new  4 bedroom, 2 bathroom , 2 car garage home is waiting for you! The large kitchen has beautiful granite countertops and custom cabinets with lots of storage space. With two living spaces you will have plenty of room for entertaining! Your guests will want to come and visit often since they have so much room and privacy, not to mention that this house is conveniently located to shopping, restaurants and more! Call to schedule a showing today!'"
'\'For sale: $379,000. Welcome to 2301 E Thompson Street! This stunning 3 bedroom, 3 bathroom, corner property is a must see! Enter through the front door and immediately take notice of the true size of this property. The home is complete with beautiful 3/4" hardwood floors throughout and tons of natural light. The open concept layout will lead you into a spectacular kitchen complete with a high-end quartz waterfall center island with a built in farmhouse sink and stainless steel appliances. Upstairs you will find two spacious bedrooms, both with ample closet space, and two full bathrooms complete with stunning tile showers. The back bedroom leads you out to some outdoor deck space. The spacious third bedroom in the basement is also complete with a full bedroom. Schedule your showing now as this property won\\\'t last long!\''
'"For sale: $250,000. For the first time home owner or savvy investor - this amazing home has been immaculately well kept, and offers a stunning interior with pristine vintage finishes and details throughout. Textured, velvet wallpaper, original hardwood floors, colorful tile, dazzling chandeliers and sconces, and a beautiful stained-glass vestibule are just some of the lovely accents you\'ll find in this home. Enter into the sitting room, complete with large front windows and a fireplace, which flows through the formal dining room, den, and kitchen. There\'s a side entrance that you can access through the kitchen, which leads down a private alley to the street. The second floor has the main bedroom, which is connected to the other bedroom on this level by large double doors, but can be closed off for privacy. There\'s a small room that could serve as an office,  dressing room or walk-in closet, and a spacious bathroom with cheery yellow tiling and a full tub with sliding glass doors. The third floor offers two more bedrooms with cute floral wallpaper and good closet space. There\'s a huge, clean basement with tons of storage space and a washer and dryer. Access your private patio through the den, which is perfectly sized for patio furniture and a grill. Centrally located just off Aramingo Square, around the corner from tons of convenient stops along Aramingo Avenue including Wawa, Rite Aid, Planet Fitness, The Richmond Shops, as well as lots of restaurants to choose from. Schedule your showing today!"'
"'For sale: $159,900. 3 story, 3 bedroom 1 bath corner row with rear yard has plenty to offer. The main level of this home features living room with wall-to-wall carpet. Large eat-in-kitchen with ceramic tile floor, dishwasher, gas range, stainless steel sink with gooseneck faucet and exit to rear fenced yard. The second level features large bedroom with closet and wall-to-wall carpet. Three-piece hall bath and hall closet. The third level features two bedrooms both with wall-to-wall carpet and closets. Plenty of windows throughout.The basement is unfinished.'"
'"For sale: $254,900. Welcome home 2542 Webb St in red hot Fishtown! This 2 bed 1 bath brick font row home has just been completely renovated from top to bottom and includes a fully finished basement. The first floor is an open layout living and dining area that features beautiful hardwoods, high ceilings, great natural lights, and modern finishes. The pristine kitchen is off the rear and is complete with stainless appliance package, granite counter-tops and custom tiled backsplash. Cute rear patio with plenty of space for all your grilling, lounging, and gardening needs. Upstairs you will find two spacious bedrooms with good closet space as well as a beautifully tiled full hall bath. Situated on great block near to public transportation, major roadways, & shopping, as well as great neighborhood establishments like Green Rock Tavern, Stock\'s Bakery, Cook & Shaker and so much more. Schedule your showing today!"'
"'For sale: $189,000. Beautifully maintained 2 bed 1 bath Fishtown row. This home features new hardwood floors throughout the first floor. The kitchen was fully updated with granite counter-tops, a deep farmhouse style sink, and shaker style cabinets. The kitchen and hardwood flooring were updated about a year ago. The home also features central air which was also added a year ago. The second floor has 2 ample size bedrooms with an updated bathroom that features wide tile shower tub walls, and new vanity. This house is ready for you to move in today.'"
"'For sale: $285,000. Great home located in the Fishtown / Old Richmond section of Philadelphia. This home has an open floor plan on the first floor, large windows offering great natural light, and a fresh paint job. Classic vestibule leads you to the spacious living room and large dining room! First floor also features a convenient half bath. Your kitchen offers granite counters, a gorgeous tile back-splash and beautiful cabinetry. From the kitchen there is access to a back patio, and a side breezeway. Upstairs includes 3 large bedrooms and a full bathroom with tub/shower. The full, dry basement includes a washer and dryer as well as high ceilings, plenty of space for extra storage. This home is close to public transportation and easy access on and off the 95 ramps. Also close to the Port Richmond shopping center and the Aramingo commercial district. Make your appointment today, this one wont last long!'"
"'For sale: $199,900. Home is under-construction and the expected completion date is Feb 28, 2018. The Brand New Vero floor plan is located in the beautiful Cape Coral. This spacious one-story home features 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, and is 1,270 square feet with a 2 car garage. Included in this beautiful new home, are new appliances, custom cabinets, sprinkler system in front and back yards, and a Homeowner Warranty.'"
"'For sale: $218,900. Home is under-construction and the expected completion date is June 8, 2018. The Brand New Fiesta Key floor plan is located in the beautiful Cape Coral. This spacious one-story home features 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, and is 1,522 square feet with a 2 car garage. Included in this beautiful new home, are new appliances, custom cabinets, sprinkler system in front and back yards, and a Homeowner Warranty.'"
'"For sale: $599,000. Luxurious modern home with high end finishes. Fully furnished and turn key ready. Hurricane impact windows. Huge corian waterfall edge kitchen countertop, custom made wood cabinets, wet bar with wine chiller, LED lighting, drywall valances, custom made aluminum interior plantation shutters, summer kitchen, circular driveway, and so much more. Separate cabana in the back of house with its own bathroom. This home is also a smart home which allows control of security system, camera system, swimming pool and spa, and front door entry. Speakers throughout entire home for surround sound. This is a cul-de-sac 120\'x149\' home site on a fresh water canal. Very quite street yet great new beautiful homes already on the street. No one behind you and only 1 person on the side of you. Lot to right of property belongs to county and is non build-able lot. This home could be a great option for exclusive fussy buyers or a great investment for vacation rental. Being sold fully furnished and turn key. Look no further this home has it all. To schedule showing must provide pre-qualification letter/proof of funds. (Video is prior to completion of home)"'
'\'For sale: $229,900. Just received Certificate of Occupancy! One of the Most affordable 4 bd./2 bath new homes in the city. QUALITY construction home! St. Augustine model. This spacious Beautiful 4 bedroom home in NE Cape Coral neighborhood is surrounded by new homes. Home comes with a 1 year bumper to bumper builder\\\'s warranty from date of Certificate of Occupany and 10 yr full structural warranty! Features: Large front porch, Under truss lanai, Lenox 14 Seer high efficiency AC system, Moen plumbing fixtures, Heritage dimensional shingles, MI Low E Double Pane Insulated windows with tilt out pane, Real wood, raised panel cabinets, Stainless steel Frigidaire appliance package, Electric garage door opener, 18" tile flooring throughout, upgraded landscape package, epoxy coated garage floors and spray crete lanai floors. You will not find another new construction home at this price with this quality of construction and materials. Home can be sold individually, or as a package with 2 other homes that also just received C.O.  Call today!\''
'\'For sale: $992,750. EXCEPTIONAL & PRIVATE GATED ESTATE HOME nestled on 3.11 acres in the secluded & quiet neighborhood of Las Lomas in sunny Cape Coral,Florida!This 4,397 SF ultra energy efficient,5bedroom/5bath/6-car garage home features 3 floors of living space,including a full mother-in-law suite!The main level boasts hand-scraped bamboo flooring, an exquisite kitchen, a built-in corner wall electric fireplace,& french doors that open out to the 700 SF deck.The master bedroom offers a sitting room with french doors that open out to the deck,as well as custom cabinetry,his/hers closets,vanity area,large walk-in Carrera Marble shower,& a claw-foot porcelain soaking tub.The third level features a home theater room with wet bar,LED lit stairs,150" screen,Optoma projector,custom theater seating,& a grand fiber optic star ceiling with intensity control. The outdoor living space features an oasis with a custom 20ftx40ft salt-water pool with swim ledge,paver pool deck,tiki hut,& extensive lush landscaping with irrigation system.Please see attachment for ALL the additional features this amazing home has to offer! Furnishings are negotiable.Virtual tour available for viewing.Call today for your private tour!\''
"'For sale: $295,000. Welcome to 2068 E Susquehanna Ave in the highly desirable Fishtown area. This is a fantastic opportunity to own a very cute porch-front home with an adjacent lot in the back (2025 Abigail Street) that allows for parking, an extra large yard, build a garage or build another house! The first floor contains a large living room, a separate dining room and a separate kitchen. The second floor contains 3 bedrooms and 3 piece bathroom. Hardwood floors throughout the house and the basement is super clean with laundry and all mechanicals. Lot at 2025 Abigail St., directly behind the home is included in the sale. Walking distance to the EL Septa stop, Frankford Ave featuring many shops, restaurants, taverns and entertainment. Houses in this neighborhood has sold for over $400K and you will be getting two properties for under $300K. The Seller has not explored options on the lot, and does not have any information or make any claims. Buyers should complete their own due diligence.'"
'"For sale: $439,000. If you\'ve been holding out for that rare opportunity to own a very spacious single, detached home in the heart of Fishtown with a HUGE yard, you\'re in luck.  This home was fully renovated in the recent past, has an easy-to-furnish, design-for-use layout, and is situated on a perfect tree-lined block in the true center of Fishtown, just steps away from dining, shopping, attractions, highway access and public transit. Upon entering enjoy an open, flexible space with high ceilings that can be adorned for dining, formal sitting, or any plethora of uses. The quadruple depth first floor flows to the stainless and stone kitchen, to the useful laundry room and gardening shed, then opens out to a fabulous private yard perfect for entertaining, grilling and dining al fresco. Upstairs on the second floor find 3 significantly sizeable bedrooms and a hall bath. Continue on to the lofty eagle\'s nest of a master suite with an en suite bathroom and access to the roof deck with bridge, city, and church views. There are plenty of opportunities to earn sweat equity in this moderately priced home. Think powder room behind the kitchen, master on the 2nd and den on the 3rd, finished basement.  So many ideas! In the meantime, move right in! You and your out of town guests can delight in all the amenities steps from your front door: River Wards Produce, Loco Pez for Tacos, Reanimator Coffee, Cedar Point for outdoor dining, Kraftwork, Lloyde, Cake Life, a variety of fitness facilities (from yoga, to pole dance, to karate), dessert cafes, bars, activities like ax throwing, brewery tours, and mini-golf, there\'s more to do in the neighborhood than you can handle. We are honored to present this fabulous home with love and warm wishes to you, future happy homeowner."'
"'For sale: $250,000. Prime location for this Fishtown home that could use a little TLC and is a HUGE opportunity for a handy homeowner looking to create a charming one of a kind dream home. Large rear yard, open living and dining rooms with 1/2 bath on the first floor. Original hardwood wide plank flooring throughout in need of refinishing. 2 large bedrooms, central air and forced hot air heat. Eat in kitchen with dishwasher, gas range, and refrigerator.  Unlike other homes renovated by a savvy investor that may be void of those special touches and unlike a home in need of a full gut rehab, this property is in move-in condition and has been lovingly occupied for many years. Come in and take a peek. Make this home your masterpiece and your canvas is in one of the hottest neighborhoods in Philadelphia.'"
"'For sale: $258,000. Your chance to own a home in one of the best locations in Fishtown! Fishtown has been named one of the top neighborhoods to invest in Philadelphia. This gorgeous 2 bed 1.5 bath rowhome is fully updated and freshly painted! This would make a great first home, or even rental investment property!   Location is key as you are walking distance to bars, restaurants, coffee shops, gyms, and public transportation. Not to mention you are walking distance from all the main hot spots in the neighborhood on Girard, Aramingo, and Frankford Ave! It is also conveniently located seconds from the 95 exit for quick highway access. Enter into the main living space with tons of light spilling in from a larger front window! The main floor has an open concept with sight lines all the way through to a living room, dining room, and kitchen! The kitchen features gorgeous granite counter tops with a breakfast bar.In the kitchen, you will find stainless steel appliances with gas cooking and lots of well-placed cabinet space! Just off the kitchen is a private outdoor space ready for grilling or relaxing! Located off the main floor is the stairway access to the fully finished tiled basement which adds to your living space! In the basement, you will find an added half bathroom, and full-size washer dryer located in a laundry closet! Having a finished basement is great as it can become bonus space for storage, den or even an office! Take the steps to the second floor where you will find a beautifully tiled huge main bathroom with large windows, jacuzzi tub and beautiful tile, and two bedrooms. Each bedroom has full size closet space with ample space for all your personal items. Come see this beautifully maintained home on one of the best blocks in Fishtown with super motivated sellers!'"
"'For sale: $244,900. This like new and spacious four-bedroom two bath home shows like a model. Located in the highly desirable area of SW Cape Coral. The kitchen is like new and comes load with features like  granite countertops, stainless steel appliances and large cabinetry with plenty of room for storage. Overlooking a main living area complete with tile floors throughout and vaulted ceilings. The master bedroom suite is stunning with tray ceilings, his and her walk in closets, its own private entrance to the large covered and screened lanai and a private bathroom. The master bath features dual sinks and a large tiled walk-in shower. There is plenty of room in the huge backyard for a pool, the property is well manicured and includes automatic sprinkler system. MOVE IN READY!'"
"'For sale: $298,900. This 2 bedroom 1 full bath straight thru row home has features such as newer roof, new windows through out, hardwood flooring, central air, and a large enclosed room in the rear of the home.  The kitchen is also updated with granite countertops and tiled flooring.  Other features include a finished basement, recessed lighting, and updated plumbing.  This property is minutes from downtown Philadelphia.'"
"'For sale: $324,900. Make this your Florida DREAM Home!! Kick back and Enjoy this Gorgeous Corner Lot, Salt Water Pool and Spa home in Bella Vida Community. Home features 4 bedroom, 3 FULL Baths, Diagonal tile flooring and Crown Molding Throughout. Spacious Master Bedroom with Walk-in Closets. Master Bath has Garden Tub to Relax into, Shower and Dual Sinks.  Kitchen has Granite Countertop, Stainless Steel Appliances, Center Kitchen Island,  Upgraded Ceiling fans, Plantation Shutters in dining and for Sliding doors. Newly installed Roll-up Shades in Pool Area. Home is FURNISHED! Low Monthly HOA Fees and many amenities to enjoy year round. This home has ALL you have been looking for; This is one of a kind, the BEST HOME on the BLOCK! Just minutes away from Schools, Shopping, Dining, and Golf Courses. Call listing Agent 786-304-4764 Sandra to Schedule your Showing Today!'"
'"For sale: $314,900. Fantastic, better than new lake front home in Northeast Cape in the friendly Bella Vida gated community. This amazing four bedroom, three full baths split plan home even has a 3 car garage and fencing. This is the only 3 car garage one story on market in Bella Vida.  That garage space and custom attic storage will be much appreciated. Any chef will be right at home in the spacious kitchen with wood cabinets and granite counters. Open floor plan keeps the cook a part of the activity. The fourth bedroom can even be an office or a guest suite in its own private corner. The home and community are well suited for families of any age and any composition.  Here, you will find something for everyone to do.  From the resort style pool, kids pool, sports courts, exercise gym, playground, park, clubhouse, billiards, poker and bunco to simply walking or jogging, there\'s no excuse to be bored.      Enjoy a modern and open feel with classic lines, diagonal tile, crown molding, staggered cabinets, room for large refrigerator, fresh updated paint, plenty of storage and the pleasure of low maintenance.  The adults can enjoy a tranquil lake view and spectacular evening sunsets in glorious privacy."'
'\'For sale: $243,630. WELCOME TO YOUR BRAND NEW HOME!!  ALL ASSESSMENTS PAID!!!  This is our Eastham floor plan at 1756 square feet.  Great freshwater lot SW Cape Coral location right near Chiquita Blvd and Trafalgar Pkwy.  This beautifully appointed home comes with 36" kitchen cabinets, 18" tile everywhere except the bedrooms, all appliances including washer and dryer, blinds on all windows except for slider, full irrigation system, electric garage door with opener, and full builder\\\'s warranty.  We offer several varieties of financing options and ways to contribute to your closing costs.  This is why owning a brand new home from America\\\'s largest builder is going to be your best option.\''
"'For sale: $223,990. Well appointed new construction home, to be completed in July. Open split bedroom floor plan with impressive interior and exterior features. The Builder will pay ALL Closing Costs when a preferred lender is used for mortgage financing.'"
'"For sale: $295,000. This meticulously restored home in Fishtown is finally available!  Enter the home to find refinished original hardwood floors that stretch from the entryway throughout the house. The main staircase has been designed with thought and care to allow easy movement from the first to the second floor. The railings were fabricated by a local Artisan to display style and ensure stability.Enter the kitchen to see a delightful blend of shiplap walls, exposed brick, white subway tile, custom cabinetry and granite countertops.  All appliances are stainless steel: ready to prepare a great meal. The half bath on the first floor is wrapped in white subway tile and features a great example of space saving with a flush mounted sink basin resting on top of a reclaimed wood. The basement is partially finished and houses the washer and dryer in a thoughtful way Upstairs are 2 great sized bedrooms with sizable closets.  In the Hallway is a large window to allow natural light to bleed in.  The Full bathroom is wrapped in carrera Marble, with a double basin Vanity, and large tub. In the rear yard, there are large custom built planters and plenty of room to host a gathering or to enjoy your morning coffee.Close to Horatio B Hackett School, Pizza Brain, LittleBaby\'s Ice Cream, Medusa Pizzeria, Philadelphia Brewing Company; the list goes on.  Please schedule a showing right away."'
"'For sale: $429,900. Stunning Rehab located in the East Kensington section of town! First Floor: Exposed Brick, Open Floor Plan, Hardwood floors, Recessed lights and half Bath. Kitchen boast Granite counters, Subway tile Back splash, Stainless Steel Farm Sink, Shaker Cabinets and  Stainless Steel Appliances. Huge Back yard with with Fire pit and Blue Stone Paver walk way. Finished Basement perfect for Entertaining or just Watching the Game! Second Floor: Two Large Bedrooms w/ample closet space and Neutral Decor. Hall Bathroom has imported tile throughout w/Granite vanity. Convenient laundry area located on 2nd Floor. Third Floor: Master Bedroom w/11 ft ceiling and Attached Master Bathroom. Master Bath features dual vanity, 2 Person Jacuzzi Tub, Stand up shower w/ Glass doors and River Rock flooring. Many upgrades throughout including Painted Cornice, Dual HVAC System and New Windows Throughout.'"
"'For sale: $315,000. Fantastic possibilities with this huge 4 bedroom. 1.5 bathroom townhome in Fishtown. Property sits on a large lot with great backyard space. Easy to build a garage or off street parking. Inside feel the spacious modern home featuring hardwood floors,updated stainless appliances, washer and dryer, large basement, and enough rooms for the whole family. Property is located 3/10th of a mile from 1-95 ramp, Close to shops, restaurants, and public transportation. Property will go fast, make sure to act now!'"
'"For sale: $639,900. Bella model by Turn Key Homes, the home site offers quick gulf access through Matlacha pass. Home has been designed to maximize water views and bring the outside in. Features include PGT Wingard hurricane impact low E glass doors and sliders for your convenience and peace of mind. Stunning gourmet kitchen includes top line appliances, granite counter tops, 42 inch wood cabinetry with crown molding and light rail. Tile throughout main living areas, expansive lanai showcases intersecting wide canal views and a custom heated pool and spa. Open plan lends itself to entertaining. 2 Dens or den and dining room on the front of the home and separate guest bedrooms with separate baths. Large owner\'s suite with double vanities and soaking tub. 12 ft ceilings in main area and multiple tray ceilings lined with crown moldings."'
"'For sale: $229,900. Home is under-construction and the expected completion date is Feb 28, 2018. The Brand New Captiva floor plan is located in the beautiful community at Cape Coral. The spacious one story home features 3 bedrooms, 2 baths with a 2 car garage. Included in this beautiful new home are new appliances, custom cabinets, sprinkler system in front and back yard, and a Homeowner Warranty.'"
'"For sale: $319,000. Welcome to beautiful, sunny 2004 E Firth Street!  This home has been completely remodeled top to bottom, with a welcoming and bright open floor plan.  The first and second floors feature brand new hardwood flooring, replacement windows, recessed LED lighting, and a charming neutral paint scheme.  Beyond the first floor\'s open living and dining space you\'ll find the completely custom kitchen featuring honed marble countertops, marble tile backsplash, a deep corner sink with industrial style pull-down faucet, and Samsung stainless French-door refrigerator, dishwasher, built-in microwave, and five burner gas stove.  A large glass door from the kitchen leads out to a very generously sized back patio with new privacy fencing, exterior light, hose bib, and electrical outlet.  This amazing space is ready for grilling, entertaining, outdoor dining, container gardening and more!  Upstairs, the two light-filled bedrooms are conveniently separated by the spacious bathroom, complete with marble tile basket-weave floor, subway tile surround, dual vanity with marble countertop, and shower/tub combination with marble bench and shower niche.  Looking for a little more space?  An open staircase from the living area leads down to the home\'s finished basement with all new carpeting, a front-facing window for natural light, laundry closet, and a large storage room which make this a comfortable and additional living space perfect for a den, playroom, guest space, and more.  With all new mechanicals, a one year AHS home warranty, and a great location minutes from Frankford Avenue, 2004 E Firth is not to be missed!"'
"'For sale: $259,900. Solid 2 bedroom, 1.5 bath home in hot Fishtown w/ open foyer and beautiful hardwoods throughout. Enjoy a convenient 1st floor powder room, spacious galley kitchen, and massive back yard. 2nd floor features 2 large bedrooms and a 3 piece bath with a jet tub, and a sizable 10x16 deck off of the back bedroom. Finished basement, central air, 100 amp service. Close to shopping and local restaurants, easy access to local highways. Take a look today.'"
'"For sale: $264,495. Welcome to this beautiful newly renovated 2 bedrooms/1.5 bath town home in the Fishtown area! Don\'t miss this home which features especially efficient use of space and materials to maximize living and entertaining. The first level design exhibits amazing Brazilian Cherry hardwood flooring throughout with exposed brick in the living room. This home features a wonderful and spacious master bedroom with great closet space, along with a basement and maintenance free yard.   The basement is newly refreshed and great for all your storage needs. This home features a modern kitchen fully loaded with granite counter tops, stainless steel appliances, stainless steel shelving and Ceramic tiles. Upstairs you\'ll find two spacious bedrooms and a tastefully designed full sized bathroom. Quit dreaming. Make this home your reality. This home is move in ready and truly has it all!"'
'\'For sale: $249,900. Located on a quiet street in Fishtown, 2337 E Hazzard is steps away from The Memphis Taproom, Loco Pez, and conveniently located near everything this hot and bustling neighborhood has to offer. Truly ready for you to move in, this bright and sunny 3 bedroom 1 bath home offers a spacious living area with professionally refinished hardwood floors throughout and an ADT security system. The fully equipped and practical kitchen has stainless steel appliances and plenty of cabinet space, a pro BOSCH stove, full sized refrigerator, dishwasher, and touch controlled under-counter lighting. Walk upstairs to the three bedrooms, each with ample closet space and one full bathroom. The bathroom updated bathroom has a Jacuzzi jet tub and marble walls and floors. The master is generously sized with tons of natural light flooding the South facing room. Outside you will find a well-kept, oversized paved patio, perfect for entertaining friends and family, BBQing and growing an urban garden this summer! The dry basement has a washer/dryer and offers plenty of additional storage space. There is even a newer roof that was installed in 2014 so this is truly a "toothbrush" house that you pack your bags and move right into!\''
'\'For sale: $130,000. This Property is Zoned RM1 Basic Permitted Uses: Single-Family, Two-Family, or Multi-Family Dwellings. Bring your ideas or turn it into a 2 units rental. Please call the Listing Agent with any Questions. Property sold in "As Is" condition. Buyers are responsible for City Certification.\''
'"For sale: $414,900. Welcome home! 2609 Huntingdon is in the middle of it all! In the bustling intersections where Fishtown meets Port Richmond, the location is superb! Walk in to your brand new home and discover the first floor open layout, beautiful hardwood floors  and impeccable craftsmanship throughout. Impressive living and dining areas as you enter. The Chef\'s kitchen is fully equipped with SS appliances, gorgeous granite countertops and beautiful shaker style cabinets.  You also have a door to the back area where there is massive space for entertaining since this home is street to street! 2nd floor area is where you will find two bedrooms and 1 full bath w jacuzzi and seperate stand up shower enclosed in glass and well crafted tiles. Both bedrooms have ample closet space and roomy! 3rd floor owner\'s suite is suited w side by side closets as you enter the full bath w stand up shower and separate double vanity which is a feature not often found in most modern homes. The owner\'s bedroom is massive in square footage and beautifully designed w high vaulted ceilings. This home is in one of Philly\'s hottest areas and convenient to all public transportation and I95 corridors! Walk, bike, or drive to any of the amazing sights and sounds of Fishtown, Northern Liberties and Center City!  Included is 2+ car parking in the back, along w a 10 Year Tax Abatement! EZ to show and welcome your visit !"'
"'For sale: $225,500. **UNDER CONSTRUCTION to be complete END OF June 2018**Great location in a well established neighborhood off Del Prado.  ALL assessments paid in full, plenty of room to add a pool plus NOT in a flood zone, NO flood insurance required! This great room design home has 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 ceiling fans, split bedrooms, inside laundry room with deep sink & large (9x20) screened lanai. Other features of this home include: 16 seer air conditioning system, low E single hung tinted dual panel insulated glass windows, tile floors throughout with carpet in the 3 bedrooms, granite counter tops in kitchen & both bathrooms, master bedroom has tray ceiling, large walk-in closet with a master bath that has dual sinks & walk-in shower. Stainless steel kitchen appliances to include: side by side refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave & range (to be delivered a week prior to closing). Kitchen will also have under cabinet lighting. The exterior will be complete with upgraded landscaping, floratam sod and automatic irrigation system. PHOTOS OF SIMILAR HOME SHOWN so you can see how this home will be finished. Builder is VA approved.'"
"'For sale: $299,900. Brand new construction, 3 bedroom 2 bathroom waterfront lot 3 car garage home built with high quality features from Lauren Homes. This home is located on a vast freshwater canal system and has a newly constructed seawall and city utilities in and paid. This new construction home offers impact windows, metal roof, paver driveway and walkways, sprawling lanai, new sprinkler system, real wood cabinets, all tile floors with much more to offer!  This remarkable custom built home is truly a must see for all home buyers. The builder warranty comes with the home.'"
"'For sale: $320,000. Experience the resort style life in the gated community of Sandoval.  This 4 bed plus den 3.5 bath and bonus room upstairs, home, has a wide open layout and feel.  Fabulous waterfront home with an unobstructed view of the lake and there are NO neighbors behind you to look at.  Kitchen has granite counter tops and breakfast bar and nook  The outside features a full length screened lanai, paver driveway and a deep back yard which has room for a pool.  Furniture is negotiable.'"
'\'For sale: $258,800. Come see what all your friends have been telling you about and start living that vacation life all year. Serene and Tranquil Setting Surrounds This Lovely 3 BR 2BA Home Offered By The Original Owners In Superior Condition Only Lightly Occupied As Their Second Home.  Beautifully cared for home with three bedrooms and two baths located in the highly sought after Award-wining "Sandoval" community. This desirable Pulte, single family"Brentwood" home has the premium lakefront location you\\\'ve been waiting for and is located at the end of the cul-de-sac. Open floor plan allows for fantastic lakeside views from most rooms in the house. The Home Is Located So Close And Just Steps Away From All The Community Amenities Including The Resort Style Pool And Waterslide. This community features Miles of curving and shaded walking paths graced by tall Royal Palms leading to the activity center where there are ongoing weekly activities such as movie night or maybe a yoga or wine tasting class ! In addition enjoy tennis, pickleball, basketball, bocce, taking Copper and Spot to Barkley place for a doggy walk or relaxing at the oversized resort heated swimming pool complete with a 100\\\' water slide.\''
'"For sale: $262,400. Fantastic family home - lots of room for everyone!  Beautiful 9\' sliding glass doors lead to large covered lanai, room for a pool, upgraded counter tops kitchen and both bathrooms, separate tiled shower in master bathroom, step ceiling in master bedroom, upgraded tile in the wet areas plus stainless steel appliances.  Upgraded floritam sod with sprinkler system."'
'"For sale: $349,900. WOW LOWEST PRICED NEW HOME ON THE LARGEST FRESH WATER SYSTEM IN CAPE CORAL PUBLIC RAMP TO TAKE YOUR BOAT OUT TO GULF ACCESS 3 BEDROOM PLUS OFFICE (BEDROOM) WIND IMPACT GLASS AND DOORS THRU OUT.PORCELAIN WOOD LOOK TILE  GRANITE COUNTER TOPS ,WOOD CABINETS,STAINLESS STEEL APPLIANCES VERY OPEN GREAT ROOM FLOOR PLAN HUGE WALK IN PANTRY AND NO OTHER HOME IN PRICE RANGE HAS A BIGGER 3 CAR GARAGE!!! THERE ARE MANY UPGRADES ALREADY IN THIS HOME.DON\'T LET SQ FOOTAGE FOOL YOU HOUSE LOOKS AND FEELS MUCH LARGER OUTSIDE KITCHEN ALSO BUYER TO ASSUME REMAINING ASSESSMENTS CHECK WITH CITY FOR BALANCES OWED PAID WITH TAX BILL, POOL PKG CAN BE ADDED FOR $39,800"'
"'For sale: $430,000. '"
"'For sale: $27,000. Excellent investment opportunity! Buy and hold, add to your rental portfolio. Instant equity. Property sold as-is in its current condition. Home is very cluttered, please use caution when viewing.'"
"'For sale: $89,217. Completely Rehabbed, Brand New Modern Kitchen, Brand New Floors, Brand Window, Brand New Heater, Brand New Central Air Conditioning System. Ceramic in the Bathroom & Kitchen.'"
"'For sale: $42,000. This property is in shell condition.  This area is redeveloping.  Grab the opportunity now to get in while prices are still affordable.  Transform this home back to its former glory and sell, or hold it and obtain tenants.  The location is great, just minutes from Fairmount Park, University City and Center City.  Central to all Septa routes and highways.  Please use caution when accessing this property.'"
'"For sale: $334,900. BRAND NEW 4 BEDROOM POOL HOME ON THE WATER WITH SEAWALL IN PLACE! Both the pool area and driveway have pavers. Interior features include stainless steel appliances, granite counter tops, wood plank ceramic tile floors in main living area, carpet in bedrooms, crown molding, walk-in closets, island in the kitchen, under cabinet lighting, tray ceiling in master.  Home has a southern exposure, is nicely landscaped, and located in the Palmetto Pines Country Club area.  Near schools, near shopping, easy to get to. Don\'t miss this opportunity!  Easy to show."'
"'For sale: $649,900. H.12741 - Beautiful Custom PGI Home in one of the most sought out Golf Communities in Southwest Florida.'"
'"For sale: $214,900. Super Nice, Newer LGI Captiva home located in SW Cape Coral with Southern Exposure which is perfect if you plan on eventually putting in a pool (backyard has room for a pool).  This home has a Split bedroom floor plan which provides lots of privacy when needed, the owner\'s suite is big enough for all of your furniture and the walk-in closet has ample space for most wardrobes.  The owner\'s suite bathroom has a walk-in shower as well as tub.  Bedrooms 2 and 3 are a good size and they share the 2nd bath with tub/ shower combo located between the two bedrooms. The kitchen is well equipped with granite counter tops, solid wood cabinets, ceramic tile floors and pantry.  The Dining area is perfectly situated outside of the kitchen, the open floor plan living area and high ceilings give this home a spacious feel.  There is an indoor utility area for doing the laundry and a 2 car garage for whatever you wish.  There are sliders that lead to the screened lanai where you can enjoy the amazing breezes and sunsets that Southwest Florida is Famous for.  Make your showing appointment today and see how fantastic this home really is."'
'"For sale: $249,800. CITY WATER ASSESSMENT PAID. SELLER FINANCING AVAILABLE. DON\'T MISS THIS BRAND NEW  BEAUTIFUL WATERFRONT 4 BEDROOM 2 BATH BEAUTY WITH PLENTY OF ROOM FOR A POOL!!  ENJOY BEAUTIFUL VIEWS OF THE GLEAMING WATERS OF THE WIDE CANAL! HAVE FUN BOATING, FISHING, PADDLE BOARDING, KAYAKING AND CANOEING! MODERN NEUTRAL COLOR SCHEME , WONDERFUL OPEN LAYOUT AND LOADS OF CLOSET SPACE THROUGHOUT. UPGRADES INCLUDE TILE SHOWERS WITH LISTELLO AND TUMBLED MARBLE, SEAMLESS GLASS SHOWER IN MASTER, DUAL SINKS IN MASTER BATH, STAINLESS APPLIANCES, GRANITE LOOK COUNTERS,LARGE POOL BATH, SCREENED PATIO, GUTTERS, HURRICANE SHUTTERS, AUTO SPRINLERS, AUTOMATIC GARAGE OPENER. LOCATED CLOSE TO WONDERFUL AREA PARKS !  QUICK ACCESS TO BEACHES, DOWNTOWN CAPE CORAL AND AIRPORT,  5 MINUTES TO  SUNSPLASH WATER PARK, SHOPPING AND RESTAURANTS!! very low assessment balance on the sewer !"'
'"For sale: $269,900. HUGE lot in Bella Vida. Plenty of room for family fun. Wonderful lake view from your oversize screened lanai with built-in custom accent lighting. Like new condition. Owners take perfect care of this 2032 square foot family home with 4 bedrooms, 3 full baths and an open floor plan. Kitchen, featuring granite counter tops and wood cabinetry, overlooks dining and great rooms. One large bedroom is used as an office. Another bedroom has its own bath which could be a very private mother-in-law suite. Owner\'s suite is spacious with luxurious bathroom. Canned lighting added, crown molding, tile in main living areas, carpeted bedrooms and security system complete this home. Nothing to do here but move in. Come see your new home today. Low HOA fees include irrigation water and cable TV."'
"'For sale: $260,000. Brewerytown 3 Levels lots of Room to Roam with over 1,600 square feet of space in this Large 3 Story 5 Bedrooms Row Equipped with a Front Porch, Nice wide street. Move in Condition. Full Basement with laundry. Very Close Proximity to the East Fairmount Park & The Philadelphia Zoo and Not too far from Girard College & Temple University. Average Sold Price: $177,508 from January 2017 to July 2017. Property values are rising quickly. Make an appointment today.'"
"'For sale: $238,000. GORGEOUS BRAND NEW 2018 HOUSE. READY TO MOVE IN. ALL ASSESSMENTS PAID. This beautiful house offers 4 split bedrooms, 2 bathrooms , master bathroom with double sink and shower, his and her walking closet in master bedroom, Vaulted ceiling, tile throughout, Kitchen open to the dinning area and a spacious living room, laundry in residence, and a 2 car garage attached. Conveniently located close to major roads. This house is on a great location, near to shopping, entertainment, schools, churches, and more.'"
'"For sale: $226,170. ACT FAST THIS NEARLY MOVE IN READY HOME IS LOCATED ON A LAKE VIEW  LOT! This home is located in D. R. Horton Homes brand new gated community Entrada. The Aria floor plan features an open concept design with 1,672 sqft of living space with 3 bedrooms, 2 full bathrooms and a 2 car garage. This home is nicely decorated with wood cabinets in the kitchen and bathrooms with 18\' tile floors in all the common areas. Entrada features very low HOA fees and includes the state of the art amenity center that features a clubhouse with a fitness center, resort style pool with lap lane and splash pad, tennis and pickle ball courts and much, much more. Don\'t miss out on your chance to own a brand new home today in a brand new community with a home warranty and the city water and sewer is in and all assessments paid. Entrada is just minutes from local area shopping, golf, schools, hospitals, local attractions and Fort Myers downtown river district. VISIT ENTRADA TODAY AND DON\'T FORGET TO ASK US ABOUT OUR CLOSING COST INCENTIVES!!!"'
'\'For sale: $389,000. 11\\\' ceilings in great room. 9\\\'4" ceilings throughout. Stainless appliances. Granite countertops. Securitcameras. Pavered pool deck and circular driveway. On This Beautiful Freshwater Lot !!! Seawall is already in !!! Assessments are Paid !!! Will post more pictures as things get completed.\''
"'For sale: $210,900. Home is under-construction and the expected completion date is May 14, 2018. The Brand New Amelia floor plan is located in the beautiful Cape Coral. This spacious one-story home features 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, and is 1,401 square feet with a 2 car garage. Included in this beautiful new home, are new appliances, custom cabinets, sprinkler system in front and back yards, and a Homeowner Warranty.'"
"'For sale: $239,900. NEW, NEW home ,This is a 4 bedrooms 2 Bathrooms house with impact doors and windows, granite , beautiful tile all over, located in NE of Cape Coral , very near of major interest places in the Cape.'"
"'For sale: $122,500. Attention investors or first time buyers! Here is your change to own cash producing property (previously rented at 2000/mo) or make it your home and see your property value increase as it is located is located on up and coming block of rapidly growing Brewerytown. This 3 story home features 5 spacious bedrooms, updated kitchen and bathroom, central air, recessed lightning,  unfinished basement, back yard. Ready for tenants or homeowners after just minor cosmetic updates. Appraised at 131,500 February 2018. Schedule your appointment today to take advantage of this great opportunity in one of the most popular city neighborhoods!'"
'"For sale: $169,000. Investor\'s special or First time homeowner!! This townhouse located in the up and coming Brewerytown section of the city. It is a fully renovated house with brand new appliances. New HVAC system and plumbing. The kitchen features granite counter tops with a breakfast bar, dishwasher and tons of cabinet space for storage. There\'s a backyard nicely enclosed for entertainment."'
'"For sale: $160,000. Walk into this open floor plan with original features to the living/dining area. Hardwood floors line the entire length of the first floor. The kitchen has new cabinets and tile back splash. Also on the first floor is a half bath. Through the rear of the house is a small outside area. The basement of the home is partially finished and houses the washer and dryer and bonus sitting room. Upstairs features an open space great for a reading area, two bedrooms, full bath, and 1 half bath. In the heart of Brewerytown, it\'s close to restaurants and bustling Girard Ave. Walk score of 85. Qualifies for special financing with 3% down and no PMI."'
'"For sale: $289,900. Well maintained freshly painted home on larger lot w/huge 40\' X 22\' extended lanai located in Sandoval, Cape Coral\'s most highly sought after development. The Abington floor plan offers 1900 sf of open living space with tray ceilings in the master and great rm, 2 beds, (owner can convert to 3 beds)including master, 2 baths, den(can be used as 3rd bedroom), tile throughout, kitchen(2 pantries, new dishwasher), great room, dining rm, laundry rm(new washer) w/sink & cabinets, 2 car garage w/coded access & screed entry allows the warm Florida air to flow through.The Southern Exposure allows for year round enjoyment of the massive screened,extended lanai and spa(seats 6) for relaxation at its finest or lounging watching the mounted TV and chatting with family & friends.  The additional palm trees add to the aesthetics & privacy. Take advantage of Sandoval\'s many amenities or relax by the Sandoval Lagoon Pool, play tennis, pickle ball, bocce(twin 90X13 courts), shuffleboard, basketball, volleyball, horseshoes or make use of two dog parks. Join one or more of the numerous clubs or participate in the daily activities Sandoval offers. Call to schedule your tour today!"'
"'For sale: $286,900. Home is under-construction and the expected completion date is Jun 29, 2018. LGI Homes is proud to introduce the Key West plan residing in the gorgeous community of Cape Coral. This new one story home features an open floor plan, 5 bedrooms and 2.5 bathrooms complete with energy efficient appliances, spacious countertops, custom wood cabinets, brushed nickel hardware, tile floors and an attached three car garage. The Key West consists of a master suite complete with a massive walk-in closet, large covered back patio, breakfast bar and walk-in pantry, and front yard landscaping.'"
"'For sale: $209,000. Brand new Cape Home at an affordable price! This lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath home great room floor plan features solid surface counter tops, and stainless steel appliances. There is plenty of room for a Pool. Home is located close to shopping, restaurants, and schools.'"
'\'For sale: $300,000. Brand new construction on a freshwater canal. High ceiling great room.  4 BR/2 BA  Light and bright painted in Gray tones, and the very attractive upgraded tile has the wood plank look with grays and light browns.  Bedrooms are carpeted. Raised panel cabinets, upgraded granite counter tops, and stainless appliances complete the kitchen.  Both bathrooms have upgraded granite (2 sinks in the master) and both baths/shower have upgraded tile with glass tile accents.  Both baths have "potty" closets and the main bath is also a pool bath.  Lots of closet space in the home.  Separate laundry room.  Extended screened lanai overlooks the freshwater canal which has a seawall in place.   Great area with city water and sewer.\''
"'For sale: $284,900. Cape Coral home featuring four bedrooms, two and a half baths with all new interior, two separate living spaces, formal dining and solid surface flooring throughout. The quality and finishes will take your breath away.  Kitchen is finished with Shenandoah slow close cabinets and drawers, lots of pantry storage, custom tile back splash, beautiful granite, and matching KitchenAid Stainless Steel Appliances.  Kitchen has open floor plan to breakfast nook with a rounded wall full of windows which leads to the oversized family room with vaulted ceiling and lots of natural sunlight.  Large owner suite with luxurious master bath, two walk-in closets, double vanity, soaking tub and custom tiled walk-in shower. Split floor plan provides three additional bedrooms on opposite side of house with another full bath featuring a tub with tile shower surround. Large laundry with upper cabinets and space for folding table leads into oversized three car garage. Three sets of sliders lead to a covered rear patio, additional half bath and the perfect space for a swimming pool.'"
'\'For sale: $224,900. The Eva is a  3 bedroom, 2 baths, great room floor plan boasts a spacious 1544sf of under air living space and 9\\\' 4" ceilings throughout. There is also a family-friendly kitchen with solid wood cabinets, volume ceiling with a tray in both the main living area and master bedroom. Interior doors are all 8\\\'-2 Panel Design. Also featuring a Tiled Master Shower. The indoor laundry room and formal dining area make it a most functional plan. Pavered driveway, sidewalk, and lanai. This Eva is scheduled for completion May 2018.\''
"'For sale: $219,990. Well appointed new construction home, to be completed in March. Open split bedroom floor plan with impressive interior and exterior features. The Builder will pay ALL Closing Costs when a preferred lender is used for mortgage financing.'"
"'For sale: $236,990. Well appointed new construction home, to be completed in June. Open split bedroom floor plan with impressive interior and exterior features. The Builder will pay ALL Closing Costs when a preferred lender is used for mortgage financing.'"
'"For sale: $219,900. Gorgeous new home. Stylish designer grey color palette. Stainless steel appliances, tile backsplash, wood cabinets with crown molding and self-close features. Granite countertops throughout tie in the beautiful color scheme. French doors to screened-in lanai under truss. Huge front porch surrounded with a lovely railing. Fans and lights throughout. Floratam sod, irrigation system and upgraded landscape package. Don\'t miss this one.  It will go fast!"'
'\'For sale: $223,835. WELCOME TO YOUR BRAND NEW HOME!!  ALL ASSESSMENTS PAID!!!  This is our Aria floor plan at 1672 square feet.  Great SW Cape Coral location right near Santa Barbara Blvd and Veterans Pkwy.  This beautifully appointed home comes with 36" kitchen cabinets, 18" tile everywhere except the bedrooms, all appliances including washer and dryer, blinds on all windows except for slider, full irrigation system, electric garage door with opener, and full builder\\\'s warranty.  We offer several varieties of financing options and ways to contribute to your closing costs.  This is why owning a brand new home from America\\\'s largest builder is going to be your best option.\''
"'For sale: $225,000. ** REDUCED $10,000 on 4/12/2018 ** Wow, brand new construction 4 bed 2 bath home at a fantastic price. Not your typical builders grade home, check out what this home has to offer, all tiled flooring, granite counters in kitchen & baths, double door entry, tiled backsplash, stainless appliance package, upgraded recessed lighting, huge breakfast bar with seating for several people. Large great room perfect for all your entertaining needs, dining area just off kitchen and opens up to the great room. Split bedroom floor plan so master on one side of home, guest beds on opposite side.  Master is plenty large with a gorgeous bathroom, large mirror and frame-less glass shower Central location with EZ access to Fort Myers, close to schools and shopping. Get this while you can, its priced to sell.'"
"'For sale: $219,990. Well appointed new construction home, to be completed in June. Open split bedroom floor plan with impressive interior and exterior features. The Builder will pay ALL Closing Costs when a preferred lender is used for mortgage financing.'"
"'For sale: $239,990. Well appointed new construction home, to be completed in July. Open split bedroom floor plan with impressive interior and exterior features. The Builder will pay ALL Closing Costs when a preferred lender is used for mortgage financing.'"
'\'For sale: $309,900. "GREAT OPPORTUNITY - NEW CONSTRUCTION POOL HOME WITHOUT THE WAIT... Exceptional quality construction built on a wonderful SW Cape Coral lot to be completed March 2018.   Just minutes from Cape Coral\\\'s finest shopping and dining.  This unique 3/2/2 plus den and pool Kismet Floor Plan features a Spacious Great Room, dining area, large kitchen island, oversized laundry room with sink, lanai and pool deck.  Our custom homes features many popular details such as tile flooring in main living areas.    If you\\\'re looking for that perfect Tropical Florida Lifestyle Home, your search has ended. THE BENCHMARK OF PERFECTION\''
"'For sale: $372,500. 2018 WATER FRONT, NEW CONSTRUCTION, CUSTOM HOME ON OVER-SIZED FRESHWATER LOT IN SOUTHWEST CAPE CORAL! BRAND NEW SEAWALL! Features 3 BEDROOMS + DEN + 3 FULL BATHS + 3 CAR GARAGE home with a total area of 3,577 SQ.FT and an open, over-sized under truss lanai with access doors from the living, master and pool bath. This home offers a spacious great room concept with a formal dining room and beautiful centerpiece island kitchen with wood cabinets and decorative lighting. Master Suite is SPACIOUS with his and hers walk-in closets, DOUBLE vanities and sinks, a spa like tub and walk-in shower in the master bathroom! In addition, this home features IMPACT French doors, IMPACT sliding windows, 24 x 24 tile throughout the home, PAVER DRIVEWAY, tray ceilings, decorative ceiling fans in all bedrooms and living room. Enjoy a new stainless steel appliance package that includes a dishwasher, refrigerator/ice, stove and microwave. Plenty of room for a POOL as it sits on an over-sized lot. Make an appointment to make this home YOUR HOME TODAY!! WARRANTY included! Realtors see remarks!'"
"'For sale: $219,900. Home is under-construction and the expected completion date is July 12, 2018. The Brand New Fiesta Key floor plan is located in the beautiful Cape Coral. This spacious one-story home features 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, and is 1,522 square feet with a 2 car garage. Included in this beautiful new home, are new appliances, custom cabinets, sprinkler system in front and back yards, and a Homeowner Warranty.'"
"'For sale: $226,400. **UNDER CONSTRUCTION to be complete MID MAY 2018**Great location in a well established neighborhood, located across from waterfront homes. ALL assessments paid in full with Southern exposure.  This great room design home has 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, 4 ceiling fans, split bedrooms, inside laundry room with deep sink & large (9x20) screened lanai. Other features of this home include: low E single hung tinted dual panel insulated glass windows, tile floors throughout with carpet in the 3 bedrooms, granite counter tops in kitchen & both bathrooms, master bedroom has tray ceiling, large walk-in closet with a master bath that has dual sinks & walk-in shower. Stainless steel kitchen appliances to include: side by side refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave & range (to be delivered a week prior to closing). Kitchen will also have under cabinet lighting. The exterior will be complete with upgraded landscaping, floratam sod and automatic irrigation system. PHOTOS OF SIMILAR HOME SHOWN so you can see how this home will be finished. Builder is VA approved.'"
"'For sale: $227,990. Well appointed new construction home, to be completed in March. Open/Split Floorplan with an oversized covered lanai and a Flex Room for added living space. This home has lots of Included Features, too many to mention. The Builder will pay ALL Closing Costs when a preferred lender is used for mortgage financing.'"
"'For sale: $250,000. Beautiful 4 bedroom 3 full bath 2 car garage home with a spacious open floor plan. This home offers tile roof with a gorgeous curb appeal in a very desirable gated community.The Kitchen has Granite counter tops with upgraded back splash, Stainless steel appliances, and a Culligan water system. Tile floors in entryway and kitchen, brand new Bamboo flooring throughout the great room and dining area that gives this home an elegant finish. Good size lanai and back yard for all your entertaining needs.Bella Vida is a gated community with plenty of amenities  for having fun or socializing Great location for Families. FREE HOME WARRANTY WITH PURCHASE!!!'"
"'For sale: $329,900. Spectacular 2 story home in the wonderful gated community of Sandoval.  This spacious home offers expansive Living room Dining room.  Family room just adjacent to the kitchen.  Kitchen with island and dinette.  Main floor master bedroom with slider out to the lakeside lanai.  Walk in closets with built in cabinetry.  Master en-suite with large tub and glass enclosed shower.  Upstairs offers 3 large bedrooms and a den/office.  This amazing home is ready to move in with fresh paint and new carpeting.  Sit out on the screened lanai and relax looking out to the lake.  Convenient to community rec area.  Large community clubhouse with lots of activities and nice fitness center.  Resort pool with kids area, picnic areas, water slide.  Tennis courts, Boccie Ball, Volley Ball and so much more to offer in this wonderful community in the heart of Cape Coral.'"
'"For sale: $245,000. LOCATION LOCATION, Close To Golf Course and Schools, Beautiful  Modern New Construction in SW Cape Coral. This 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, 2 Car Garage home boasts 1796 Sq Ft Under Air and Over 2500 Sq Ft Total Construction, AWARD WINNING BUILDER, Option One Builders,  a Builder That Cares, Always Makes Sure to Choose the Finest Materials and Finishes and is Proud to Bring an Amazing Product to Our Community, Why buy used When You Can Buy a Home with 1 year warranty on everything and a 10-year structural warranty.  You owe it to yourself to come see this beautiful home and see what Florida living is all about. SELLER WILL PAY $3,000 TOWARDS BUYER\'S CLOSING COST,  CALL TODAY FOR DETAILS!! AGENTS, CALL THE APPOINTMENT PHONE NUMBER, PLEASE READ CONFIDENTIAL REMARKS,"'
"'For sale: $247,105. Welcome to Entrada!  Our newest community Gated community in Cape Coral, conveniently located near 41 on Del Prado Blvd, near shopping and restaurants, only 12 minutes from downtown Fort Myers. The Cali floor plan features 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and 2 car garage.  This very popular express floor plan is wide open with the kitchen open to the dining area and large living room.  Options include upgraded appliances with a refrigerator and washer/dryer as well as tile in the kitchen, foyer, bathrooms, and great room/living area.  This brand new home also comes with a comprehensive warranty in a private setting!'"
'\'For sale: $212,200. WELCOME TO YOUR BRAND NEW HOME!!  This is our Eastham floor plan at 1756 square feet.  Great NW Cape Coral location near Chiquita Blvd and Embers Pkwy. Home comes with 18" tile everywhere except the bedrooms, all appliances including washer and dryer, blinds on all windows except for slider, full irrigation system, electric garage door with opener, and full builder\\\'s warranty.  We offer several varieties of financing options and ways to contribute to your closing costs.  This is why owning a brand new home from America\\\'s largest builder is going to be your best option.\''
"'For sale: $225,990. Well Appointed New Construction Home. Split floor plan with an oversized covered lanai and an extra flex room for added living space. Impressive interior and exterior features included with the home.  The Builder will pay ALL Closing Costs when a preferred lender is used for mortgage financing.'"
'\'For sale: $233,800. WELCOME TO YOUR BRAND NEW HOME!!  This is our Cali floor plan at 1828 square feet.  Great SW Cape Coral location right near Skyline Blvd and Pine Island Rd with ALL ASSESSMENTS PAID!!!  Home comes with 18" tile everywhere except the bedrooms, all appliances including washer and dryer, blinds on all windows except for slider, full irrigation system, electric garage door with opener, and full builder\\\'s warranty.  We offer several varieties of financing options and ways to contribute to your closing costs.  This is why owning a brand new home from America\\\'s largest builder is going to be your best option.\''
"'For sale: $99,900. This is a Fannie Mae Property. This two bedroom, two full bath row rancher has been updated and has more room than similar homes of this style & size.  The basement is fully finished with a 2nd full bathroom.  The garage is removed to allow the basement to be expanded, but there is still a driveway for parking.  The kitchen has been removed and needs to be replaced, but the asking price is below market to allow for needed repairs. Located on a nice Juniata block, near the golf course... Easy to show, call for an appointment today.'"
"'For sale: $286,900. Home is under-construction and the expected completion date is April 30, 2018. LGI Homes is proud to introduce the Key West plan residing in the gorgeous community of Cape Coral. This new one story home features an open floor plan, 5 bedrooms and 2.5 bathrooms complete with energy efficient appliances, spacious countertops, custom wood cabinets, brushed nickel hardware, tile floors and an attached three car garage. The Key West consists of a master suite complete with a massive walk-in closet, large covered back patio, breakfast bar and walk-in pantry, and front yard landscaping.'"
'"For sale: $299,500. Gorgeous and fully upgraded home in the exclusive gated community of Sandoval. Sitting on a very large corner lot with plenty of room for kids to play or other activities this home is perfect for any family. The spacious kitchen comes complete with wood cabinetry, granite countertops, tiled backsplash and has an eat in breakfast area. Overlooking the bar area is the large living room which makes a perfect area for entertaining. Just outside the formal dining room is the double lighted art niches perfect for displaying your favorite art pieces. With many other great features this home is a must see. Schedule your private showing today before it\'s gone."'
"'For sale: $204,900. Gopherwood Construction is proudly to present your new home in Cape Coral. Affordable single story home with 2-car garage, spacious kitchen, tile, walk-in closet in master bathroom Hurricane Impact Windows, Fees Included Refridgerator Self Cleaning Oven Microwave Oven Dish Washer Washer Dryer Estimated completion end of 2019.  ALREADY HAVE A LOT? WE CAN BUILD ON YOURS!!!!!'"
'\'For sale: $239,900. SPECTACULAR 3 Bedroom Home in  Gated Community of Bella Vida located on OVERSIZED Pie Shaped LAKEFRONT SITE!!!! Home features al tile floors on diagonal in main living areas, Granite counters in Kitchen and Baths, Kitchen features 42" Cabinets with Crown Molding, Under Cabinet Lighting, Granite Backsplash, and Stainless Steel Appliances.  Master Bath has separate Jetted Soaking Tub and Walk In Shower.  Nice Under Truss Lanai with EXPANSIVE Lake Views!!!   The Interior was repainted in 2016 and the Screens for the Lanai were replaced in 2017.  The Exterior was repainted in March of 2017 and the Roof was Power-washed in May of 2017.  This home is priced right and will not last long!!!!!!\''
'"For sale: $544,900. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! BOATERS DREAM! Just completed!!! Look at this fantastic home on a deep water 80\' wide, direct sailboat access canal. Only few min to the river with no bridges!!! 2,370 sq.ft. of living area, 4+1 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, gourmet kitchen with raised wood cabinets, granite countertops & stainless steel appliances, and pantry, formal dining room & breakfast nook. Swimming pool with brick pavers deck and screened cage. Comes with upgraded features like hurricane impact windows, metal roof, tray ceilings with crown molding, 20 x 20 floor tiles. Twelve foot ceiling in the living room and ten foot ceilings in the bedrooms. This beautiful sailboat access home is waiting for you."'
"'For sale: $210,900. Home is under-construction and the expected completion date is May 14, 2018. The Brand New Amelia floor plan is located in the beautiful Cape Coral. This spacious one-story home features 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, and is 1,401 square feet with a 2 car garage. Included in this beautiful new home, are new appliances, custom cabinets, sprinkler system in front and back yards, and a Homeowner Warranty.'"
'"For sale: $115,000. Meticulously maintained, this 2-bedroom, 1-bath home features updates throughout and tons of living space.  Enter through the first floor and you will immediately noticed the newly finished, beautiful hardwood floors throughout.  From the large living room, enter the updated eat-in kitchen featuring bright colors and new stainless steel and black appliances.   Two large bedrooms and a hall bath complete the first floor.  Downstairs from the kitchen, you\'ll find additional large, finished living space that could adapt to a number of uses in addition to space for laundry, storage and the garage.  Outback, you\'ll find a fenced, grassy yard perfect for entertaining, swingsets or gardening.  Close to public transportation, shopping, schools and major roadways."'
"'For sale: $210,900. Home is under-construction and the expected completion date is Feb 19, 2018. The Brand New Amelia floor plan is located in the beautiful Cape Coral. This spacious one-story home features 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, and is 1,401 square feet with a 2 car garage. Included in this beautiful new home, are new appliances, custom cabinets, sprinkler system in front and back yards, and a Homeowner Warranty.'"
"'For sale: $145,000. Gorgeous, Fully Renovated Town home with high quality durable natural hardwood floors throughout. Cozy home features 3 bedrooms with spacious closets, 1 baths, all New Kitchen with Granite counter-top. Stainless Steel appliances, almost all new windows, New Bathrooms, New Roof and much more.'"
'\'For sale: $289,900. New construction!! Christopher Alan Homes "St. Augustine" model. Beautiful 4 bedroom, pool home in SW Cape Coral. Home comes with a 10 yr full structural warranty and a 1 year bumper to bumper builder warranty! Features : Under truss lanai, Lenox 14 Seer high efficiency AC system, Moen plumbing fixtures, Heritage dimensional shingles, PGT Low E Double Pane Insulated windows , Real wood cabinets with soft close, Granite in kitchen and bathrooms, Stainless steel Frigidaire appliance package, colonial style raised panel doors, Electric garage door opener, 18" tile flooring throughout , stone accents on front elevation of the home, 4 zone irrigation system, upgraded landscape package, epoxy coated garage floors, paver driveway and lanai. You will not find another new construction home at this price with this quality of construction and materials. Estimated completion date is May 2018.\''
"'For sale: $332,500. **NEW CONSTRUCTION, READY NOW**NEW POOL HOME located on Hunters Run Executive Golf Course, all Cape Coral Utilities paid in full. Great room design plus separate dining & family rooms with Southern exposure & expansive backyard views. This 3 bedroom, 3 bath (1 is a pool bath) pool home sits in a well established neighborhood & is not in a flood zone. Some features include tile floors through out with carpet in all bedrooms, 2145 sq. ft. of living area, granite counters in kitchen & baths, soft close cabinets, 42 inch upper cabinets in kitchen & inside laundry room with deep sink. The master bedroom has sliding glass doors out to screened lanai, 2 walk-in closets, dual sinks with separate soaking tub & walk-in shower. Stainless steel kitchen appliances included: side by side refrigerator, smooth top range, dishwasher & microwave to be provided about 1 week before closing. Energy efficient single hung Low E tinted dual pane insulated glass windows, 3 ceiling fans, irrigation system & upgraded landscaping included.  The pool is @13x26 with lanai & pool area finished w/brick pavers & 10 ft high walls of mansard pool cage**SOME PHOTOS SHOWN OF SIMILAR COMPLETED MODEL**'"
"'For sale: $494,500. Location, Location, Location!! Sailboat Access.  JUST COMPLETED 12/01/2017, this custom Hanson Homes Lifestyle Series Slater model offers 2,470 sq ft under air living space with an oversized 618 sq ft  2 car garage. Entertain your friends with this Gourmet open style kitchen with solid wood shaker style cabinets, soft-close drawers, granite counter tops, monochromatic stainless steel appliances, spacious island surface with breakfast bar. Out the back you will enjoy the freestyle in-ground pool, fully paved deck and large lanai, 3 spacious bedrooms, 2 full baths, large study, dining room, family room and pool bath. Great room has 15 ft vaulted ceiling, tiled floor and pocket sliding doors onto the pool area overlooking the water and boat dock. Glass doors lead into the study while the family room has tray ceiling and sliding doors onto the pool deck. Spacious 21ft master bedroom suite, tray ceiling and patio doors onto pool deck with 2 walk-in closets. Stunning master bathroom, freestanding tub with floor-mounted tap, double walk-in shower, matching vanities, solid wood cabinetry, granite tops, separate WC. Boat dock has power, water and space to build your own custom boat lift.'"
'\'For sale: $435,000. PHOTOS coming soon! This gorgeous 3 BEDROOM plus DEN 2015 built POOL/SPA home has everything you need for beautiful freshwater canal living! The list of features is extensive and it comes FURNISHED! They include IMPACT GLASS, 18X18" TILE on the diagonal throughout, 42" RAISED PANEL WOOD CABINETRY, GRANITE counters, TRAY ceilings with CROWN MOLDING, GLASS TILE backsplash, STAINLESS STEEL APPLIANCES, CONVECTION oven, DISPOSAL, ALARM SYSTEM, PAVER DRIVEWAY, LANAI AND ENTRYWAY, IRRIGATION SYSTEM, LANDSCAPE BORDER, 6 20ft PALMS, 4 FRUIT TREES INCLUDE AVACADO, ORANGE, LEMON AND LIME, SOLAR HEATED SALTWATER POOL, POOL BATH, GARDEN TUB in master bath, WALK IN CLOSETS in every bedroom, GUTTERS ALL AROUND, PULL DOWN STAIRS in attic, HURRICANE RATED garage door, SEAWALL and ASSESSMENTS IN AND PAID!!! Also, GENERATOR conveys! PERFECT for a second home or a very sought after SEASONAL RENTAL property! You will love this home!!!\''
'"For sale: $299,900. Exquisite pool home located in the beautiful gated community of Sandoval! At this affordable price you\'ll be able to enjoy your southern exposure pool all year round while sunbathing on the extensive paver deck lanai. At night, relax in the heated spa set off with designer mosaic tile. This floor plan is laid out beautifully leaving lots of room for relaxing or entertaining and has a den to serve as a third bedroom for your guests. Beautiful wood cabinetry, under cabinet lighting, granite countertops and modern lighting package makes you feel as if you just purchased a model home. Within walking distance to the Sandoval Clubhouse, you can enjoy the resort style pool as well as the daily activities that this community has to offer. As the lowest priced single family pool home in this community this home wont last long so call for your showing appointment today."'
'"For sale: $255,000. Have you been dreaming of living in SW Cape Coral\'s coveted SANDOVAL, with RESORT-STYLE amenities and LOW HOA FEES, close to the BEST SCHOOLS, and CENTRALLY LOCATED close to EVERYTHING that Cape Coral has to offer? Your search is finally over because this 3/2 SINGLE-FAMILY HOME is a RARE FIND for this price!  PLUS, it is in impeccable condition!  You will FALL.IN.LOVE. with this OPEN, SPACIOUS, GREAT-ROOM plan, complete with 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a screened-in lanai, and a beautiful backyard!  You\'ll truly appreciate both the builder\'s and owner\'s after-market upgrades, including granite countertops, wood cabinets, stainless steel appliances, tile floors, and custom woodwork.  Stop dreaming of moving into Sandoval-schedule your showing today and start PACKING tomorrow!"'
"'For sale: $297,500. **BEAUTIFUL BRAND NEW HOME LOADED WITH UPGRADES** This home has it all! Large entry foyer with detailed coping, spacious floor plan, tile floors throughout, beautiful kitchen with snack bar, granite counters and 4-piece stainless steel appliance package. Large laundry room with storage cabinets and storage closet. This home features split floor plan. The main master features his/hers closets and tray ceilings. The master bath has dual sinks with granite counter tops and a separate tub & tiled shower. Outside features a screened lanai w/ under truss area and can be accessed by French doors from the living room or via glass sliding doors in the master bedroom. There is plenty of room for a pool. This home is completed by frontage on a beautiful navigable freshwater canal with western exposure and a brand new seawall with concrete dock. This canal has access to five lakes, making it a great boating location. Home includes a general 1-year builders warranty. Buyer to assume assessments.'"
"'For sale: $154,900. WOW! Look at your new home close to transportation and shopping. Your New home will be the talk of the area. Everything in the House is new. New hard wood floor, recessed lights, and appliances. The kitchen will have you cooking just because you love spending time in the kitchen. The second floor has three large bedrooms. The bathroom is wonderfully tiled and a great shower. The basement is spacious with high ceilings. The enclosed porch is heated and part of the house. This is the perfect house for you!'"
'"For sale: $379,900. WATERFRONT custom home! READY THIS MAY!! This open concept Floor Plan features: 3 bedrooms, 3 BATH, and a SPACIOUS Master Suite. In addition, this home features many upgrades- IMPACT French doors, IMPACT sliding and picture windows, GRANITE counter-tops, tile throughout the entire home, CEILING FAN in all rooms and living room. It also comes with stainless steel appliances in the luxurious kitchen, which features gas cooking. This house will have a beautiful pool and large lanai as well as a seawall.  The house also features a three car garage.  All assessments have been paid.    Don\'t miss this unbelievable opportunity."'
'\'For sale: $233,800. WELCOME TO YOUR BRAND NEW HOME!!  This is our Cali floor plan at 1828 square feet.  Great corner lot SW Cape Coral location right near Skyline Blvd and Veterans Pkwy with ALL ASSESSMENTS PAID!!!  Home comes with 18" tile everywhere except the bedrooms, all appliances including washer and dryer, blinds on all windows except for slider, full irrigation system, electric garage door with opener, and full builder\\\'s warranty.  We offer several varieties of financing options and ways to contribute to your closing costs.  This is why owning a brand new home from America\\\'s largest builder is going to be your best option.\''
'"For sale: $241,900. Immaculate gathering place for friends and family with wonderful space for entertaining & enjoying all that SW Florida has to offer. Gated Bella Vida is a Florida Lifestyle destination .. beautifully appointed gated community nestled among shimmering lakes & scenic landscape. Convenient to shopping, dining, airport & beaches while coming home to a tranquil atmosphere. This Lennar executive home overlooks one of 15 lakes in Bella Vida. This Alexandria model is BETTER THAN NEW CONSTRUCTION as there are no builder fees & added builder closing costs saving you thousands PLUS the owner has added a screened front entry, stone landscaping, lights/fans, window treatments, extra kitchen cabinets/granite counters, new interior paint & more. The owners chose the biggest lot on the widest part of the lake for maximum privacy & view. The kitchen features maple raised panel cabinets with crown molding, granite counters & stainless steel appliances. Four spacious bedrooms plus three full bathrooms. Crown molding, 8\' sliders & volume ceilings make this home shimmer.  Low HOA provides stunning amenities with multiple sport courts, fitness center, playground & resort-style pool. EASY to show & LOVE!"'
'"For sale: $219,590. ACT FAST THIS NEARLY MOVE IN READY HOME IS LOCATED ON AN OVERSIZED CORNER LOT . This home is located in D. R. Horton Homes brand new gated community Entrada. The Aria floor plan features an open concept design with 1,672sqft of living space with 3 bedrooms, 2 full bathrooms and a 2 car garage. This home is nicely decorated with wood cabinets in the kitchen and bathrooms with 18\' tile floors in all the common areas. Entrada features very low HOA fees and includes a state of the art amenity center that features a clubhouse with a fitness center, resort style pool with lap lane and splash pad, tennis and pickle ball courts and much, much more. Don\'t miss out on your chance to own a brand new home  in a brand new community! City water and sewer is in and all assessments paid. Entrada is just minutes from local area shopping, golf, schools, hospitals, local attractions and Fort Myers downtown river district. COME IN TODAY TO SEE WHAT EVERYONE IS TALKING ABOUT!!! DON\'T FORGET TO ASK US ABOUT OUR CLOSING COST INCENTIVES!"'
"'For sale: $239,900. New construction home just completed in April 2018. It is a 4 bedroom family friendly open floor plan. With plenty of back yard to add a pool. It has granite counter tops in the kitchen and stainless GE upgraded appliance package. The bathrooms counter tops are the same matching granite as the kitchen. The floors are all tile with carpet in the bedrooms. Come by today and take a look at this newly developing area.'"
'\'For sale: $224,900. The Eva is a  3 bedroom, 2 baths, great room floor plan boasts a spacious 1544sf of under air living space and 9\\\' 4" ceilings throughout. There is also a family-friendly kitchen with solid wood cabinets, volume ceiling with a tray in both the main living area and master bedroom. Interior doors are all 8\\\'-2 Panel Design. Also featuring a Tiled Master Shower. The indoor laundry room and formal dining area make it a most functional plan. Pavered driveway, sidewalk, and lanai. This Eva is scheduled for completion June 2018.\''
"'For sale: $219,900. Built in 2016, this spacious four bedroom, two bathroom Adams Home is located in the desired northeast Cape Coral around Gator Circle.  With over 1700 square feet, this home includes carpet and tile floors throughout, separate dining area, oversized bedrooms, full patio, and so much more.  Call today to schedule your private tour.'"
'"For sale: $269,900. OPEN HOUSE SUNDAY Luxury Renovation of this LARGE 5 bedroom 3 Bathroom home. Walk into your enclosed front porch with ceramic tile floor. Enter into your living room with genuine hardwood floors. Formal Dining Room with access to your Large Eat-In Kitchen with Island, Wide Open Granite Counter Space, upgraded cabinets, Stainless Steel Appliances, garbage disposal, large pantry, Fridge with ice machine and filtered water, porcelain tile floor and tiled back splash. There is a large addition off the kitchen to include walk-out to back yard and mud room/first floor laundry. Upstairs you will find 3 large size bedroom with recessed lights in every room, large closets, hallway bath and master bedroom with bathroom and walk in closets. The third floor feature two additional bedrooms and a full bath with extra closets for even more storage space. Outside you have a large back yard, off street driveway parking for 3+ cars. 1 Year AHS Home Warranty. All new windows throughout, Brand New TWO ZONED Central Air and heat! Brad New Electric, Water Heater. This is a Must See Must Buy! Close to University City, Main Line, St. Joe\'s and all major highways, 76, I95, and City Ave. Near public transportation, and shops and easy commute to center city."'
"'For sale: $175,000. A great property just went through a complete rehab. Top to bottom, side to side. Security door and entrance door. New sparkling neutral color flooring. All the walls in the entire house have been sheet rocked and painted with a beautiful shade of gray, recessed lighting all throughout first floor, and all new windows. A new kitchen with cherry wood style cabinets and all new stainless-steel appliances as well as a stove, microwave oven, dishwasher, refrigerator and a new garbage disposal under the stainless-steel sink that is attached to a lovely granite top with an additional eating area which is also made with a granite top. It has 3 bedrooms, and new ceramic tiled bath, added new vanity, tub mirror and all new light fixtures throughout the house. The upstairs and basement are carpeted with a nice quality thickness to relax in your bare feet. The basement is finished and ready to be used as a extra  part of the house. There is a full bath(stall shower, vanity and toilet) in basement, washer dryer, and a new HVAC system with central air. An exit to rear where a nice long driveway. Some nice things you may not can see but can appreciate are all new electric wiring, all new plumbing, and a new rubber roof with 15-year guarantee. This house is larger than most homes on the block and area of similar style. Come take a look. You will love it.  Grant assistance program are about to open for first time buyer, Now would be he perfect time to buy.'"
"'For sale: $259,900. '"
"'For sale: $141,999. Nice unit in the Heart of South Beach .Walking distance to the Ocean and infinity of amenities .'"
"'For sale: $1,799,000. Trendy and chic W South Beach! Direct ocean 1/1, NE corner. Offered fully furnished. For the sophisticated buyer that appreciates a full-service condo, with pools, spa, beach services, excellent restaurants and many other amenities! Walking distance to the best South Beach has to offer. 24-hour notice to show please.'"
"'For sale: $118,500. A house this well cared for Needs no updating ;) Classic Brick Overbrook Row for sale by long time owner.  3 Large Bedrooms, 1 Bath, 9 foot ceilings, Nice front Porch, Clean Dry Basement, Back Patio and Yard. Beneath the Carpeting are the original Hardwood Floors in Pristine condition. Lower Level Features Living Room with Faux Brick Fireplace, Dining room and Large Eat-in Kitchen. Upstairs Features Hardwood Floors (beneath the carpet) 3 nice sized bedrooms and Full Bath.  This Home has been lovingly cared for and maintained with updated Windows, NEWER Gas Heater (2016), NEWER Gas Hot Water Heater (2015)and NEWER Washer and Dryer (2015) A great Home to move right in as is or could be updated easily to be an absolute charmer!'"
"'For sale: $169,000. Welcome to this Beautiful modern four bedroom home with 3 Full Bathrooms (which includes a Master Bath) a finished basement with a second kitchen and lovely rejuvenated hardwood floors throughout. Priced below market for you to save money and customize as you see fit. Central Heating and A/C for hot summers and cold winters. Located in the desirable section of Overbrook Park, Philadelphia. Easy accessible transportation and easy access to Center City with minutes from all major expressways. This home has Gorgeous tile floors in kitchen, all 3 baths, and basement. The finished Basement is great for a man cave, in law suite, rental income, playroom or entertainment mecca. The Eat in kitchen has amazing counter tops, light cabinets and stainless steel appliances. The house enjoys the open concept where you will open the front door and be able to see the glimmer of the large living room and spacious dining room.  Enjoy a Lovely patio yard in front. The basement has a separate electric meter. Make this your next home! Going, Going, Sold!'"
'"For sale: $184,000. Charming English-inspired Cottage on a Storybook tree-lined Street nestled between the magnificent architecture of Historic Overbrook Farms & the approximately 150 lush acres of woods, streams & valleys of Fairmont Park\'s Morris Park. Influenced by the City Beautiful Movement, developers McWilliams and Meloney (1920s) envisioned well-crafted English Cottage style residences on tree-lined streets close to Center City yet evocative of an intimate village ambience.  The property is elevated from the street with a brick walkway & beautiful front porch hidden under shade trees, perfect for relaxing on a Summer evening.  This stucco covered stone row boasts 3 Bedrooms, 1 Full & ~ Basement Bath, hardwood floors throughout its spacious rooms, Living Room fireplace, rear deck off Kitchen, partially finished Basement & energy efficient replacement windows throughout! The Living Room opens to a Dining Room with access to the Kitchen & Basement.  The Kitchen offers a beamed ceiling, gas cooking, dishwasher & rear Deck access.  The Basement offers sizable storage space, room for hobbies, a newer gas heater, extra ~ Bath & access to the rear Alley & attached Garage. The 2nd Floor offers 3 light filled Bedrooms with a classic Title Bath with Skylight.  Convenient location to Center City, the Main-line & major routes 1, 3, 30 & 76. Stroll past nationally registered residences to the R-5 train line at Overbrook Station or local trolley stops. Trail Entrance to the marvels of Morris Park lies a block down the street while the grand Spainish Inspired Architecture of the Overbrook School for the Blind creates a dramatic backdrop to the English Village Streetscape. One of a kind residence on one of the most appealing blocks in the City!"'
"'For sale: $199,000. Location is the key and this great street is highly sought after as it is stunning with architecture and beautiful tree lined streets. Come check out this updated, three bedroom row home with an open floor plan. The first floor boasts an enclosed porch, living room with fireplace, dining room, a must see kitchen and a great deck with beautiful landscaping. The eat in kitchen offers lots of space for those who enjoy cooking and entertaining. The second floor has an updated bathroom with three large bedrooms. Basement has a garage, washer/dryer and tons of storage space. This home is a perfect mixture of old charm and todays modernizations. This is a wonderful opportunity for those looking for a great place to call home with close proximity to the City, Mainline, Septa, and other modes of public transportation. Additionally, the home is located very close to Morris Park, surrounding Universities and hospital and just about everything you would ever need. Home is in superb condition and on a special street - you will love living here!'"
'\'For sale: $415,000. Welcome to Overbrook Farms! Walk into this Center Hall Colonial and appreciate the open floor plan and grandeur of the beautifully remodeled kitchen that looks like it is out of Home Decor Magazine. The kitchen is perfect for a chef, offering 42" cabinetry, custom crown molding, a huge center island with wine cellar, endless granite counter tops that are great for prepping and an amazing glass back splash. The first floor offers a warm openness that allows you to entertain. Walk into the living room and enjoy a large wood burning fireplace, 10" crown molding, grand chandelier and french doors leading to covered patio. The second floor offers 3 large bedrooms, laundry area, and a hall bath. Walk up to the third floor where you have the main bedroom, a hall bath with 6\\\' soaking tub, walk-in closet and an extra room that can be used for a family room or a home gym. Basement has been completely renovated with a separate entrance and is currently used as an Au Pair Suite. This apartment has a full kitchen with stainless steel appliances, 2 nicely sized bedrooms, a laundry room, a living room and separate dining area. Other features of the home include: a rear yard and deck, brand new Crown Boiler, new plumbing, 200 AMP Service, and a new Rheem Tankless hot water heater. Come see what this wonderful home has to offer!!! **A 1-Year HMS Home Warranty is included!**\''
'"For sale: $500,000. Welcome to 6338 Drexel Road, a rare turn key opportunity in historic Overbrook Farms. This enormous 5 bed, 3 bath rehab comes complete with every new finish you could desire as well as a 10 year tax abatement. The main level effortlessly unites the living, dining and kitchen areas providing a great space for entertaining and relaxing. Towards the rear of the home you\'ll find the state-of-the-art kitchen offering an amazing mixture of classic charm and modern details. Fully equipped with tray ceilings, brand-new GE stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, flawless white cabinetry and a glass backsplash this kitchen has it all! Upstairs you will find 2 large bedrooms, one of which is the amazing master bedroom complete with a large closet space and en-suite bathroom. Ascend to the third floor where you will find 3 more spacious bedrooms and a full hall bath. This home will be been completely redone to perfection with no details left unfinished including new plumbing, HVAC, electric, roof and hot water heater. At this location you will be close to the train station, all major highways, St. Joseph\'s University, shopping, Lancaster and City Ave. This unique home won\'t last long- schedule your showing today! *Photos are of similar home by the same builder."'
'"For sale: $525,000. Welcome to 6349 Drexel Road, a rare turn key opportunity in historic Overbrook Farms. This enormous 7 bed, 3 bath rehab comes complete with every new finish you could desire as well as a 10 year tax abatement. The main level effortlessly unites the living, dining and kitchen areas providing a great space for entertaining and relaxing. Towards the rear of the home you\'ll find the state-of-the-art kitchen offering an amazing mixture of classic charm and modern details. Fully equipped with tray ceilings, brand-new GE stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, flawless white cabinetry and a glass backsplash this kitchen has it all! Upstairs you will find 3 large bedrooms, one of which is the amazing master bedroom complete with a large closet space and en-suite bathroom. Ascend to the third floor where you will find 4 more spacious bedrooms and a full hall bath. This home will be been completely redone to perfection with no details left unfinished including new plumbing, HVAC, electric, roof and hot water heater. At this location you will be close to the train station, all major highways, St. Joseph\'s University, shopping, Lancaster and City Ave. This unique home won\'t last long- schedule your showing today! *Photos are of similar home by the same builder."'
'"For sale: $499,000. This Handsome 3,000 Sq. Ft. Stone & Half-Timbered Twin in the desirable & Historic Overbrook Farms neighborhood in Philadelphia, designed by architect Charles Wells, awaits its new owners\' vision! Located on the most picturesque tree lined street in the neighborhood, present owner is completing the renovation of this property by 2/30/17. Renovations include a brand-new roof, new gutters, interior and exterior painting, new drywall over 75 % of the interior. This sets a prime canvas for a buyer\'s vision for the interior.  Enter the main entrance on the Southwest side w a hipped hood overhang through an enclosed Sun Porch with louvered door & windows. The Foyer, is flanked by a spacious Living Room & large Dining Room. The Living Room offers central Fireplace, built-in bookcase, high ceilings, Chicago-style windows & original architectural details. The Dining Room has easy access to Kitchen, Powder Room & ample Storage. The Kitchen is being renovated using upgraded, all wood shaker cabinets and new Samsung appliances throughout and nook area with rear access. Attached to the kitchen is Main Level Laundry & access to the Basement. The Full Basement offers potential Storage, Workshop space, Gas/Steam Boiler, & new Plumbing System throughout the building; New Hot Water Heater, New Electrical System and a New Central Air Conditioning System . The Central Staircase w double access from Foyer & Kitchen has a Brass & Iron railing to the 2nd Floor w an original wood Arts & Crafts style railing from the 2nd to 3rd Floors. The Second Level has 3 sizable Bedrooms, one is oversized with a Master Bath and Sitting Area, the 2nd Bedroom, has its own Powder room, with built-ins. There is also a  Hall Bath on the 2nd level. The 3rd bedroom can be used as an office or bedroom. \\nThe Third Level has 3 Bedrooms with built-ins, closet space & Hall Bath. Hardwood Floors & unique Architectural features will be discovered throughout! A detached 1-Car Garage in the rear is accessible via the driveway. The manageable, yard is graced by Shade trees. Overbrook Farms is a Nationally Registered Historic District & a prime example of turn-of-the century railroad suburbs & is considered the beginning of Philadelphia\'s Main Line. Developed by Wendell & Smith in the1890s, it boasts a remarkable diversity of architectural styles by the best architects of the day (i.e. Horace Trumbauer, William & Walter Price, Charles Barton Keen, Milton Medary et al.) & is bordered by 147 lush acres of Fairmount Park\'s Morris Park. It is conveniently located between Center City & the Main-line with easy access to public transportation (i.e. Train, Trollies & buses) & major routes 1, 3, 30 & 76.\\n*Showings are Saturdays between 10:00 am - 1:00pm.\\n"'
'"For sale: $565,000. A fabulous grand colonial situated on a lovely tree lined block located in historic Overbook Farms is now on the market. When you enter into the center hall, you\'ll experience a mix of classic traditional charm with fabulous modern updates. The first floor features a grand staircase with formal living and dining rooms, study and powder room. A cozy sun porch, spacious rooms and finished basement with a full bathroom provide wonderful opportunities to entertain in style. And, you\'ll find lovely hardwood floors throughout the entire house. The second floor features a master bedroom suite including a dressing room, master bathroom with whirlpool tub and hall full bathroom. The third floor features two bedrooms, an office and full bathroom. The home has been beautifully landscaped with patio area and ample sized backyard. In addition, there is a detached two car garage. If you\'re looking for a well maintained home in one of Philadelphia\'s most sought after neighborhoods, your search has ended."'
'\'For sale: $215,000. This property is huge and ready to go... The kitchen and bath are the main attractions as they have been updated with you in mind. The main level features power blinds in the living room, half bath, huge dining room, and a kitchen with stainless steel appliances and 42" cabinets and a butler staircase. The second floor has 4 huge bedrooms and a well appointed bathroom with jacuzzi tub. The basement is finished with a full bath and has many possibilities with many sections to it. The property is located close transportation, close to City Ave, Universities, shopping, dining and access to surrounding counties within minutes.\''
"'For sale: $159,900. Welcome to this large corner property with front and side yards and garage with automatic opener. Just refinished hardwoood floors and renovated bathroom. You will enter through the enclosed porch with large windows and then walk through the large living room with beautiful stairway. next is the dining room with two closets and just refinished hardwood floors. As you enter the kitchen, you will see the new gas range and then a stairway leading to the large finished basement with two rooms. There is an outside entrance to the lower level baement and interior doorway to the garage. Plumbing has been run to the basement to allow for future improvements. There are 3 good sized bedrooms upstairs with a just renovated bath. There is also a closet with hookup for stackable washer and dryer inside. No need to go to the basement to do laundry. There is plenty of street parking and room behind the house also. Public transportation is right outside.'"
"'For sale: $259,900. Great family 4 bedroom home in the wonderful community of River Place. Great open concept home with formal living a family room. This home shows the one and only homeowners pride throughout. Enjoy the privacy of a greenbelt from the large screen-in porch. This neighborhood has some of the lowest HOA fees for the amenities that are included! Nature trails, canoe launch, power boat ramp with ocean access, fishing dock, heated swimming pool, hot tub, gym, baseball field, playground and boat and RV storage.'"
"'For sale: $139,900. None'"
"'For sale: $290,000. Stunning 5 Bed 4.5 Bath CBS home with DUAL Master Bedrooms, 1 downstairs & 1 upstairs. This 3320 SF was built in 2012 & backs to a preserve. Huge open kitchen features granite counters & island, wood cabinets, stainless steel Double Oven, sinks, dishwasher & more. Look out on the private yard from the lovely breakfast bar & family room or entertain guests in the formal dining room. The 2nd floor features 4 bedrooms & a large loft and the laundry room. Huge home with access to  I-95, US-1 shopping, dining, baseball and more. This amazing property is priced below market value; make an appointment to see this home today!'"
'"For sale: $94,900. Refreshed and ready to welcome its new owner. This 3 bedroom 1 bath home in the Castor Gardens/Oxford Circle area has been treated to new paint, a revitalized kitchen and a finished basement for even more living space. This home is perfectly situated for quick access to public transportation to get anywhere in this beautiful and growing city. Priced to sell and move in ready - Own your piece of Philly before it\'s too late. Ask about First Time Home-Buyer Grants and other grant programs to get you approved. You can possibly own this home for as little as $1100 down and a monthly mortgage under $700. This home won\'t last long. Make your appointment today."'
'\'For sale: $69,995. GREAT PRICE ACT FAST!Located on a quiet street in Oxford Circle. This is a great home! Freshly painted throughout  new windows throughout new faucets updated electrical 100-amp... Also you have the choice of having gas or electric dryer.Newer Roof...Front & Side porch\\n" Just Perfect " Priced to sell quick"  moving to Florida.. Make your offer\''
"'For sale: $92,000. This two story row home offers three generously sized bedrooms and one full bath. This home also has a full basement and one car attached garage.'"
'"For sale: $369,000. Build on this lot or choose your own lot to build on!  2-story home with almost 3,000 square feet, complete with an over-sized 2-car garage, this will be a wonderful home to call your own. Due to it being new construction, you can make any changes to the plan in order to adapt it to your own style. You can\'t go wrong! Call now and let\'s get started!"'
"'For sale: $148,000. Great Property for Sale. Lots of updates. Must See.'"
"'For sale: $999,000. Exquisitely detailed open floor plan home awaits your discriminating eye. Travertine Stone floors, extensive columns, amazing ceiling detailing are but a few of the amenities found behind the impact resistant french doors. Top quality appliances solid wood cabinets and natural stone counter tops will make the best chef smile. The master suite possesses a tray ceilings, large double closets and the finely detailed master bath. Imagination pool lined with stone decking'"
'"For sale: $319,900. This beautiful Holiday Builders Montclair model home is a 4/2.5/2 with 2657 sq. ft. of living area.  This home boast a very large master bedroom with a dual sink master bath with separate shower and tub along with his/hers walk-in closets.  The island kitchen has all new appliances and a walk-in pantry.  The formal living room and dining room gives way to the large family room next to the kitchen for a great family experience.  \'\'Nest\'\' thermostats on both levels and a new lawn sprinkler system with remote control ability via your cell phone. This home is located with easy access to both I-95 and the Florida Turnpike along with schools, shopping and restaurants."'
'"For sale: $254,900. AMAZING OPPORTUNITY AT UNBELIEVABLE PRICE! Fall in love with this beautiful and huge, 4 bedroom 3 bath plus den, CBS home. Builder selling exact home currently priced at $283,650. Built in 2014, this 2,353 square feet under-air home features volume ceilings, real wood kitchen cabinets,stainless steel appliances, neutral carpet and wood-look vinyl floors.  Master bath has WC room, separate sinks and vanities while the largest guest bathroom has dual sinks and is a cabana bathroom that leads outside to the huge fenced in backyard with plenty of room for a pool. Active military seller has to move and says bring offers.  Don\'t miss your chance to buy this gorgeous barely lived-in home that is priced to sell."'
'"For sale: $260,000. BUILDING FACTOR LLC IS THE BUILDER. Just the perfect home for your life.Open kitchen and 42\'\' cabinets with quartz counter-tops. Impact windows, automatic sprinkler system.Bathrooms with beautiful granite counter tops. 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms. Porcelain tile in all areas, big driveway . CUSTOM BUILT in 2018."'
"'For sale: $289,900. THIS UNFINISHED HOME NEEDS NEW OWNER TO BRING IT TO LIFE!!! THIS LAKEFRONT POOL HOME IS LOCATED IN THE FABULOUSTESORO COMMUNITY!!! BUYER USE DO DILIGENCE ON ALL PERMITS, GUIDELINES, ETC. NECESSARY TO COMPLETE HOME CONSTRUCTION. TAXES & HOA FEES LISTED ARE FOR UNIMPROVED LOT ONLY. MAKE THIS YOUR VERY OWN FLORIDA DREAMHOME!!!'"
"'For sale: $238,900. MOTIVATED SELLER!!  4/2/2 CBS home located in a desirable location close to schools, shopping, I-95, turnpike, and local beaches.  The home is situated on an oversized corner lot and features upgraded cabinets, granite counter tops, s/s appliances, and a huge 30 x 10 patio.  Why wait 9-10 months to build new??  This home is less than 2 years old.'"
'"For sale: $260,000. BUILDING FACTOR LLC IS BUILDER. THE  Just the perfect home for your life.Open kitchen and 42\'\' cabinets with quartz counter-tops. Impact windows, automatic sprinkler system.Bathrooms with beautiful granite counter tops. 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms. Porcelain tile in all areas, big driveway . CUSTOM BUILT in 2018."'
"'For sale: $259,000. '"
"'For sale: $769,995. remodeled and fresh, beautiful inside and out\\nfinancing available'"
'"For sale: $199,900. Immaculately maintained, large corner twin in the Burholme section of the city. Natural light shines into this main level with it\'s open floor plan. There\'s a formal dining room and updated eat-in kitchen. Chair railing,wood floors, recessed lighting and a small gas fireplace all compliment this spacious main level. The upper level has three large bedrooms, a modern hall bath and plenty of closets. In addition a cozy deck is in the rear off of the kitchen. The basement runs the length of the property where you\'ll find a family room, full bath, laundry area and additional storage. Bring your Buyers, they will love this move in ready home!"'
'"For sale: $135,900. Welcome to this quiet home in Lawndale. It\'s a perfect starter home or great for downsizing. It\'s just enough! The brick structure is in great shape and so are the original hardwood floors that greet you at the front door and are throughout the main level living area. Its rear yard is fenced in and the garage offers easy access to the basement which is great for inclement weather...no more driving around to hunt for parking! Interior has just been freshly painted, it\'s ready for move in and for you to add your own personal touch."'
'"For sale: $749,000. Builder Model home awaits your viewing. Open Great room plan with high ceilings and hardwood floors. Natural stone counter tops accent the solid wood cabinets in the kitchen, family room and all bath rooms. Natural gas 6 burner cook top with griddle will make the chef in the family\'s job easier. Private backyard with southeastern views of the morning sunrise over the Arnold Palmer golf course. Club Membership is not required with ownership of this home. Call today to see the outstanding value this home offers."'
"'For sale: $150,000. Tucked quietly away behind shady, mature maples lies this contemporary, open-plan jewel! Award-winning, one-of-a-kind design lauded by multiple publications including the Philadelphia Inquirer. Wide-open, sun-drenched spaces throughout with airy 10ft ceilings and striking use of materials including polished cement, cinder block, corrugated glass. Sprawling master bedroom with oversized picture window, built-ins, beautiful wood-burning fireplace. Eat-in kitchen. Turned, open-rail staircase allows for luminous, top-to-bottom natural light flow and exceptional passive-solar heating. Expansive second-floor living area, second wood-burning fireplace, access to open-air wraparound terrace. 5-car parking. CMX1 zoning allows for some commercial applications. Available for immediate occupancy!'"
"'For sale: $364,900. This gorgeous salt water pool home is ready for its new owners. Located in North Port St. Lucie, close to shopping and 95. Large Master Bedroom has tray ceilings, with his and her closets and sinks in the master bath.  Large garden tub and separate shower in the master with upgraded tiles.  Large shed in the fenced back yard conveys. New HVAC air handler and pool pump. Laminate flooring throughout home. Each guest bedroom offers deep closets.  There is a large walk in pantry off of the kitchen that features an island.  The kitchen has plenty of storage and SS appliances. This home is great for entertaining as there is a large dining room and breakfast area.  ALL MEASUREMENTS ARE APPROXIMATE, BUYER TO VERIFY EXPOSURE'"
'\'For sale: $375,000. Gorgeous, newly renovated three-story home in trendy Point Breeze location! Stunning views of Center City from the Master Suite! Attention to detail is evident throughout this fully renovated that has just been completed. Beautiful home is flooded throughout with natural light, Bamboo Hardwood floors and recessed lighting throughout. Main floor offers a spacious living room & dining area great for entertaining loved ones & friends. Eat-in kitchen features gorgeous Quartz Countertops with 42" Cabinetry offering plenty of storage space plus access to yard.  A fully-fenced backyard is accessible through a backdoor located in the kitchen. Stainless Steel Appliances include Refrigerator,  Dishwasher, Range & Microwave. Second floor offers two spacious bedrooms with large closets and full bathroom. The third floor was recently added as an addition and features a beautiful, contemporary Master Suite with a large master bedroom with an expansive walk-in closet and Master Bathroom with beautifully tiled Shower. Magnificent French doors open to a Juliette balcony with spectacular Center City views.  10 Year Tax Abatement has been applied for. All new systems are include; New HVAC, Plumbing, Electric & Roof. 10 year roof warranty & 1 year builder warranty. Located in Point Breeze area with close proximity to restaurants and entertainment! This location has a walking score of 92 - just moments from highly rated restaurants including On Point Bistro and The Tasty Toast, and easy access to additional cafes, grocery stores, and several parks.\''
"'For sale: $330,000. Handcrafted, one of kind, beautifully designed home in one of the most desired locations in Point Breeze. This stunner sits right around the corner from the Sardine bar and boasts 3 beds, 1.5 baths in an oasis of industrial design elements. Central air, maple hardwood floors, concrete and oak counter tops and Shou Sugi Ban style charred wood are just some of the unique and magical features found throughout this home. New subway tile lines the kitchen and upstairs bathroom, while handmade lighting fixtures have been installed in the kitchen and master bedroom. Exposed brick and French doors lead the way in and out of the home. The backyard is an ample size for guests to enjoy grilling or relaxing to their favorite tunes.'"
'"For sale: $265,000. Welcome to this beautifully rehabbed home in the Point Breeze Section of the City. This home has it all!!!! New Kitchen, Baths, new hard wood floors throughout, New Roof, New Windows, New Central Air, New Heater, Security System, all new appliances! The upgrades just keeps going! Bring your personal touches to make this home yours! This wonderfully rehabbed home won\'t last long!"'
'"For sale: $265,000. Welcome to this beautifully rehabbed home in the Point Breeze Section of the City. This home has it all!!!! New Kitchen, Baths, new hard wood floors throughout, New Roof, New Windows, New Central Air, New Heater, Security System, all new appliances! The upgrades just keeps going! Bring your personal touches to make this home yours! This wonderfully rehabbed home won\'t last long!"'
"'For sale: $199,900. Philly property needs full rehab,  All offers will be presented, $5000 deposit and proof of funds will be required, AS IS addendum and buyer is responsible for u/o. S Cash or hard money financing only. All offers will be presented. all deposit check must be received within 24 hours'"
"'For sale: $324,900. Newly fully renovated modern 2 bedroom  3rd bedroom or office in basement 2.5 bathroom home, build with care by a very experienced developer, in the highly sought-after South Philly, surrounded by new development. You walk into a beautiful open floor plan with hardwood  floors and recessed lighting throughout. First floor features bright living area with a modern kitchen and  granite counter tops, gas stove and stainless steel appliances. Rear private fenced in patio with plenty of room for a grill and patio table for warm nights. On the second level you have 2 nice sized bedrooms with a full bath, a roman tub and shower. The finished basement could be used as a 3rd bedroom with a full bathroom with huge space with lots of storage. One Year builders warranty included.'"
'\'For sale: $304,900. This contemporary home has been completely renovated from top to bottom. 10-YEAR TAX ABATEMENT!!! It is located on a block adjacent to Wharton Square in the heart of booming Point Breeze. The 1st floor has an open concept layout with 5" wide hardwood floors and double energy-efficient front windows. The kitchen boasts 42" shaker cabinets with beautiful quartz counter tops. Stainless steel appliances include a 5-burner stove, dishwasher, microwave, and an 18-bottle built-in wine cooler! Near the kitchen, there is a convenient breakfast nook. The powder room and laundry are located in rear of the house, with a gated backyard just beyond. The 2nd floor has a main bedroom suite with bathroom containing a double vanity, a spacious shower stall with frameless glass door, and a whirlpool tub. There are two additional bedrooms and full hall bathroom with a linen closet conveniently located in hall. The finished basement has tile floors and high ceilings, with a storage closet and a mechanical room. This house has all new mechanical systems with high efficiency Central HVAC System, new electrical system with 200-Amp main panel, recessed lighting, new plumbing, new 50-gal water heater, all new energy-efficient windows, and much more. Second from corner with Oakford St. This is a wide street with parking on both sides.\''
'"For sale: $329,000. Another well thought out and exceptionally built home by the Urban Living Group. Perfectly placed, this renovated home faces East so you\'ll enjoy that warm sun and have ample natural lighting pouring in with views of the park! Enter into the sun room where you can set a bench or chair. The opening has been widened to allow for maximum sunlight. Bask in the deep set home where large furniture can be accommodated. To the right is a coat closet where you can mount the TV and allow for a comfortable flow through to the kitchen eating area. Large prep space for cooking and eating off of the bar. Just past the kitchen the half bath is conveniently located with washer dryer tucked in the corner. Adjacent to the w/d the the backyard entrance, a comfortable size space. Up the custom built staircase resides the master bedroom off the front of the home with gorgeous views of the well maintained park. A walk in closet gains you access to the master bath complete with dual sinks. Towards the back is the middle room perfect for an office with its large window and the back room with its corner windows as well. Extra space with the finished basement complete with a FULL bath.___ Home can be customized with appliance package, cabinet package, flooring, tiles, paint color, stair treads and more! Ask to see the 360 degree virtual tour of the home with kitchen and other features built out. Roof deck can be built at additional cost."'
"'For sale: $379,000. Completely renovated from top to bottom. This home features 2 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, beautiful kitchen with white quartz counter tops, GE stainless steel appliance package, large island that doubles as a breakfast nook, warm grey-toned kitchen cabinets, hardwood floors and recessed lighting throughout, powder room and laundry room conveniently located on the main floor, full finished basement, and a large backyard with a flower bed. All new plumbing, electrical, windows, heating and cooling systems. Located in the developing Point Breeze area on a quiet street. Come see this beautiful home today!'"
'\'For sale: $160,000. Great investment opportunity in need of full rehab.  Property is located on an up and coming block in South Philadelphia with new construction going on all around it.  Property being sold in "AS IS" condition.  No Seller\\\'s Disclosure.\''
'\'For sale: $599,900. Spectacular Design Build opportunity on a 50 x 120 homesite located in the heart of one of the most iconic communities in St. Louis:  "The Hill".  Let our custom home building team with a combined experience of over 100 years escort you through the process from concept creation to closing.   Nick Dalba, Jr. is available to provide  more information on this exciting opportunity!\''
"'For sale: $395,000. Modern design with sleek styling and comfort to call home. This 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath single family home with double car port makes urban living a luxury. Enjoy gatherings in the great room which features a self-venting gas fireplace and 9ft ceilings with ample space for entertaining. Become a chef in your gourmet kitchen which offers solid surface countertops with center island accompanied by a spacious butler pantry. Relax on the balcony of your master bedroom which overlooks the enclosed backyard in the lush & eclectic neighborhood of The Grove. The master bedroom en-suite is the paradigm of relaxation with luxurious finishes and free standing tub. His and Hers sinks in Master and guest bath, 2nd floor laundry, hardwood floors.  Owners can customize finishes including cabinetry, countertops, lighting, flooring, and fixtures.  Within walking distance to the Grove Entertainment District and Cortex.  Completion March 2018. WashU/BJC up to $8500.00 payment grant. Tax abated for 10 years.'"
"'For sale: $245,000. Modern 2 Bed/1.5 Bath on a quiet block in a neighborhood on the upswing. This artful renovation showcases unique features throughout - exposed brick, architectural paneling, industrial-chic wooden pillars and iron railings - giving the house a unique and tasteful atmosphere. The kitchen showcases quartz countertop with peninsula perfect for counter seating, white subway tile backsplash, stainless steel appliances. With a first floor powder room to the rear. 2 stylish bedrooms and a designers kitchen with fully tiled tub and shower area.  A finished basement and secluded backyard make this an absolute amazing find. Green spaces include a quaint park and a city garden just down the street.  Minutes from CHOP, University of Sciences, Grays Ferry Crescent Trail. The city just approved a grant to connect the Schuylkill River Trail and Southwest City Center to the Grays Ferry Cresent!(stated in The Inquirer) Get in while you can!Schedule your appointment today! Another property done in Style with Monica :) All offers will be reviewed.'"
"'For sale: $99,000. Move in ready point breeze 2 bedroom row home. You will be welcomed into the foyer, spacious living room where you will find a powder room. Two bedrooms with a hallway bath on the second floor. Welcome!'"
"'For sale: $199,900. This two bedroom/1.5 bath stylish home in Grays Ferry has been renovated and comes with a beautiful white kitchen, with bar seating, herringbone backsplash, white Shaker-style cabinets and white quartz countertops. The open floor plan also features a bright living room with lots of natural light.  Tucked behind the kitchen is a powder room with laundry hookups, conveniently located on the first floor.  On the second floor, there are two bedrooms, a linen closet and a full bathroom with tub.  The full finished basement has a tile floor and high ceilings- and it would be a perfect tv room or office.  Good-sized back yard with side gate- perfect for patio entertaining or outdoor space for a pet.  A fantastic value close to the Schuylkill River Trail extension and walkable to Center City or University City.'"
"'For sale: $89,900. Great 3-bedroom porch-front house ready for renovation or to add to your portfolio as this home is tenant occupied! The house sits on a beautiful, quiet street with plenty of construction nearby. All offers will be presented. Cash or hard money financing only. Schedule your showing today.'"
'"For sale: $239,900. This gorgeous 2 bedroom 2 full bathroom gem is a must see!  Tastefully renovated, this open-layout home features exposed brick walls, recessed lighting and industrial-chic features. The kitchen showcases quartz countertops, white subway tile backsplash,  stainless steel appliances and a pendant chandelier.Up the tuxedo staircase you\'ll find 2 cozy bedrooms, the master bedroom featuring a modern ensuite bathroom. A finished basement and secluded backyard make this an absolute amazing find. Minutes from CHOP and University of Pennsylvania, University of the Sciences, Grays Ferry Crescent Trail park on the Schuylkill and Rittenhouse (=. The city just approved a grant to connect the Schuylkill River Trail and Southwest City Center to the Grays Ferry Cresent!(stated in The Inquirer) Get in while you can!Schedule your appointment today! Another property done in Style with Monica :) All offers will be reviewed."'
'"For sale: $259,900. Welcome to a meticulously customized Farmhouse-Industrial styled house ready for you to make your own. This is your opportunity to purchase a beautiful home in a area on the move. Enter into fully tiled vestibule/mudroom with custom built-in bench seating and storage, allowing you to leave the day or just your muddy boots at the front door. Head into the open-layout living area framed with recessed lighting, exposed brick and plenty of natural light. The ultra-modern kitchen features all stainless-steel appliances, quartz countertops, Carrara style subway tile backsplash and a pendant chandelier. Travel up (or down) the custom wrought iron staircase and you\'re sure to be delighted. Upstairs you\'ll find a master bedroom with an ensuite bathroom showcasing a designer double vanity sink, porecelain tile shower and functional skylight. Also a 2nd bedroom and a contemporary full bath are just down the hall. Downstairs is a finished basement style with the same care as the rest of the home. Add a freshly poured concrete patio, central air and new colonial style windows; this home has all of the amenities for modern-urban lifestyle.  Minutes from CHOP, University of Sciences, Grays Ferry Crescent Trail park and Rittenhouse (=. The city just approved a grant to connect the Schuylkill River Trail and Southwest City Center to the Grays Ferry Cresent!(stated in The Inquirer) Get in while you can! Schedule your appointment today! Another property done in with Monica. All offers will be reviewed."'
"'For sale: $389,000. Custom designed contemporary home with style & open floor plan. Immediately you will notice the 9ft. + ceilings & large open windows,with an abundance of natural light. 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath single family home complete with a full 2 car garage & outdoor features like the rooftop deck, front porch, back deck & backyard. The eat in, gourmet kitchen comes with custom cabinetry, granite countertops,Kitchen Aid appliances,center island accompanied by a walk in,customized butler pantry. Hardwood floors throughout & carpets on the stairs, along with all natural designer stone provides a classy, designer finish to this stylish home. Solid core 2-panel doors with upgraded hardware,2nd flr laundry, skylight & many design features come together to create an exciting urban home. 2 blocks to the Grove & a short walk to the Cortex,by everything that is great about the City of St. Louis! WashU/BJC eligible for possible up to $8500.00 payment grant. Tax abated for 10 years. Builders Warranty Policy.'"
'"For sale: $350,000. Get all the features of new construction without all the builder delays and headaches (not to mention the high price tag) and just have fun adding custom touches to an already ideal layout. Featuring an open floorplan bordered with pretty wainscoting, hardwood floors, high ceilings and recessed lighting, the main level will make entertaining a breeze. The kitchen features custom hardwood cabinets, black granite countertops, corner undermount stainless steel sink with gooseneck faucet and classic white subway tile backsplash highlighted by under-cabinet lighting. There\'s a handy first-floor powder room for guests as well as a finished basement that could serve as a guest room or simply a bonus hangout space. The huge master suite occupies the third floor with space for a seating area or dressing table next to the double-wide closet. The master bath features Travertine tile floors and tub surround. There\'s also access to the private rear deck, where you can catch a glimpse of the skyline. There are two more spacious bedrooms on the second floor, each with brand-new carpet, and a hall bathroom with ceramic tile floors and tub surround. With a fresh coat of paint throughout and new carpet in the bedrooms, this home is totally turnkey with options to update and improve as you see fit. On a quiet block just below Washington Ave, this location is convenient to Point Breeze, East Passyunk and Graduate Hospital. Once you\'re settled into this totally move-in ready home, the hardest decision will be deciding where to eat dinner."'
"'For sale: $260,000. None'"
'\'For sale: $34,900. Zoned RM1 Basic Permitted Uses: Single-Family, Two-Family, or Multi-Family Dwellings.Property sold in "As Is" condition. Buyers are responsible for City Certification.\''
'"For sale: $174,900. *Open House Sun 4/22 2-4 PM* This absolutely adorable home looks like it came out of the pages of a magazine! Craftsman style touch with the fresh paint color inside and out, freshly painted white trim, lighting, original wood floors updated kitchen with Granite and stainless steel appliances makes this home a gem! It\'s on a full bsmt thats bright and dry and already being used at the \'\'man cave\'\' plenty of room for 2 spacious rooms AND a large laundry room! 2 plus car garage, new privacy fence and half an acre lot in the country make this a \'\'one of a kind\'\' home on the market! Other updates: New front, storm, back and interior doors,Firepit, New Attic Insulation, DCA Backflow device, landscaping and Septic just pumped. This home was done with love NOT a flip! Agents see A2A Remarks"'
'\'For sale: $40,000. May be able to use as a Multi-Family Dwelling. Zoned RM1 Basic Permitted Uses: Single-Family, Two-Family, or Multi-Family Dwellings. Roof has been raised and a third floor has been added. Complete clean out, and framing has been completed, needs some more work to make this a real good value. Must see. Property sold in "As Is" condition. Buyers are responsible for City Certification.\''
'\'For sale: $40,000. Zoned RM1 Basic Permitted Uses: Single-Family, Two-Family, or Multi-Family Dwellings. Property sold in "As Is" condition. Buyers are responsible for City Certification.\''
'"For sale: $315,000. Modern condo living at its finest in Northern Liberties! This 1 bedroom 1 bath unit is spacious with a large open living space, beautiful bamboo hardwood floors, recessed lighting, a modern grey and white color scheme, floor to ceiling windows providing lots of natural light, in-unit washer & dryer, and ample storage. The kitchen is updated boasting newer stainless steel appliances, a large pantry closet, granite counter tops, sleek cabinets, built-in dishwasher and microwave, and an open view of the huge living room. Following suit, the bathroom is also spacious complete with modern fixtures, tile flooring, and a large glass shower. The master bedroom offers a big walk-in closet and is full of light with a wall of windows facing the quiet balcony big enough for a grill and dining set! One of the best amenities of this home is its location. It is steps away from Liberty Lands park, popular restaurants such as Honey\'s Sit and Eat, Cafe La Maude, Dmitri\'s, Heritage, and the Piazza as well as an easy walk to SEPTA bus and subway stops! And just a brisk walk to ACME grocery, North Bowl, Standard Tap, distilleries & breweries, and all of the popular spots as this home is in one of the most popular neighborhood in the city!"'
'"For sale: $1,350,000. Come and live in the clouds! This is Waterfront luxury living at it\'s finest, in Philadelphia\'s best kept secret Waterfront Square!This Mini -Penthouse is available on the Resale Market for the first time.This condominium boosts over 2700 interior square footage and over 300 square feet of outdoor space to enjoy unobstructed views of the Philadelphia Skyline and the Ben Franklin Bridge.With endless walls of windows and 10ft ceilings, this condominium is a real gem! This condominium has been tastefully decorated with Hardwood Flooring in the Living areas,Granite Counter-Tops,SS appliances, An Oversized Breakfast Bar with Built-in Wine Fridge,Swarovski Crystal Sconces,Custom Closets,Beautifully Tiled Bathrooms,Also property still has two years remaining on the Tax Abatement.Waterfront Square amenities are second to none,and consist of:State of the Art Fitness Center, Lap Pool,Spa Services,Yoga and Pilates classes (additional)River Deck,24hr.Valet/Concierge,Gated Entry,Green Space with Walking and Jogging Trails,Mini Putting Green,Two Gated Dog Parks,and a Shuttle Bus Service that runs up to 30th Street Station.Waterfront Square is easily accessible to all-Major Highways and Bridges.One Parking License Included."'
'"For sale: $350,000. Get ready to unwind in this amazing bi level condo at 410 SHURS LANE in Manayunk with custom built ins ,stunning interiors and unique exposed beams. This fabulous 2 bedroom, 2.5 bath condo WITH PARKING. Amazing hardwood floors, soaring ceilings that allows the larger windows to capture more sunlight, beautiful kitchen featuring granite counters with under mount sink, cherry cabinets, glass backsplash, and stainless steel appliances with gas cooking. Half bath on main floor next to the huge family room. 2 nice size bedrooms with plenty of closet space and each bedroom has it\'s own full bathroom. Amazing location conveniently located close to retail, restaurants, shopping, highway, and trains and just a short commute to Center City."'
"'For sale: $109,900. This is a large end unit home in a developing area. The property is a total rehab waiting for an investor or owner occupied to make it a beautiful home. Outside structure is good, but inside needs lots of TLC. Owner is very motivated and looking for serious offers.'"
'"For sale: $272,500. This spacious home on a pretty East Falls block is oozing with charm. This word gets thrown around a lot, but there\'s nothing better to describe the feeling you get walking into this one--it\'s just?right. Pride of ownership is apparent throughout and all the renovations were made when the owners had every intention of staying--a job relocation is the only thing taking them away from this lovely home. Enter through a classic vestibule with beadboard wainscoting into the bright and sunny living room with decorative mantel, custom built-in shelving and warm bamboo floors. The high ceilings, large windows and open floorplan all contribute to the bright and airy vibe. The dining room is downright huge, currently housing not just a table but also a piano, bar and bookcase with room to spare. The large eat-in kitchen makes for great entertaining as well, with space for a breakfast table, an L-shaped configuration offering tons of prep space, Shaker-style 42-inch cabinets, stainless steel appliances and even a pantry for extra storage. There\'s a recently rebuilt rear addition creating a large mudroom/laundry room with an adorable half bath featuring frosted glass windows, exposed brick accent wall and modern vanity. Head out through new Anderson sliders to a picture-perfect yard that will satisfy any green thumb to dig into, with plenty of space for a patio set and, yes, even a tree swing. With this yard you\'ll be a frequent visitor to the gorgeous nursery/cafe Vault + Vine just down the street for sure. Upstairs, all three bedrooms are spacious and sunny with good closets. They share a stylish hall bath with a deep tub with classic subway tile surround, period-appropriate black-and-white hex tile floors, granite-topped vanity and bonus linen closet. The location can\'t be beat with local favorites Laxmi\'s and Le Bus Bakery within blocks, and easy access to all the restaurants, cafes and shopping from the Art Museum area to Main Street Manayunk. You\'re minutes from Kelly Drive and Fairmount Park, plus it\'s an easy commute downtown via the East Falls train station or a short drive to I-76 and major arterials."'
'"For sale: $325,000. Few homes could be more charming than this delightful c.1929 Tudor end of row on a picturesque East Falls block. The gracefully curved period front door with colorful original leaded glass opens to the spacious living room with crown molding, bay windows, stone gas fireplace and pretty french doors adding to the airy feel. The dining room is exceptionally bright with three exposures. The newer fully equipped cook\'s kitchen is a great size. With ample cabinetry (including pantry), granite counters, stainless appliances, stone tile back splash and floor it blends well with the Tudor character of the home. The kitchen opens to a large deck for outdoor dining and enjoyment. Upstairs look for three nice size bedrooms including the main bedroom with more original leaded glass windows. There is a newer hall bathroom with wainscotting. The home is wonderfully spacious and open with hardwood floors, good light everywhere and crisp, fresh decor. The furnace and hot water heater are newer. There is also direct access to the garage from the basement and additional covered parking for one car. Note the exceptional curb appeal with the front porch overlooking a lovely garden with daffodils, tulips, azalea, dogwood, a trellis of climbing roses and many shrubs. There is a slate patio toward the rear of the house. The 3400 block of Queen Lane is one of three East Falls blocks historically certified for Tudor characteristics. All this and terrific convenience too! 3443 W Queen is accessible to two train lines, the expressway, other main arteries and just 15 minutes from center city. Don\'t miss out on this one!"'
"'For sale: $327,500. Enjoy this tastefully appointed and meticulously maintained stone home situated on a fantastic block in the heart of East Falls. This home features an open 1st floor highlighted by the refinished floors, sun splashed 3 season room, full kitchen with exit to rear deck and fenced area, and living room complete with gas fireplace. Other highlights include the fully renovated bathroom and a generously sized main bedroom with custom closet and recessed lighting. Not to mention the finished basement with newer carpet and storage areas, central air, newer gas heater, and detached garage with driveway and replacement door! All of this and a stellar East Falls location just minutes to public transportation, Kelly Drive, and local eateries/nightlife!'"
"'For sale: $349,900. Beautiful and spacious turn-of-the-century 3-story late Victorian twin home in East Falls that you will not want to miss. This lovely home offers 5-6 bedrooms, 2 full bathrooms and off street parking. Centrally located for ease of driving or commuting by train to Center City all while being situated in a quiet & serene setting. Just a short walk to the Queen Lane Train Station, the Wissahickon Creek area of Fairmount Park and just up the hill from the Schuylkill River Recreation. Step up to the wrap around porch and enter into the large living room with stunning stone fireplace, beautiful stained glass windows and soaring ceilings. Walk through the charming french doors and into the truly unique formal dining room offering a sunny oversized triple window, antique wallpaper over chestnut wainscot, dental crown molding in excellent condition, and an antique tin ceiling saved from an old church. The bright, sunny and spacious eat-in kitchen offers nice counter space and cabinetry, center island, gas cooking and perfect original details. Off of the kitchen is rear stairwell and a mudroom with washer/dryer, storage space and exit to nice rear yard and parking area. The second floor boasts a huge front room currently used as a family room that greets you with beautiful glass french doors and a second massive stone fireplace. This level also offers a charming full bathroom with Mercer tiles on the walls, antique pedestal sink and gorgeous leaded glass window. Next you will find the middle bedroom with two closets and a lovely bay window with stained glass and a large rear bedroom with 2 closets. The third floor offers three large bedrooms , nice closet space, newer replacement windows and a full bathroom with nice ceramic tile. The basement is large with second set of laundry hook ups, areas for storage, workshop and utilities, new glass block windows and an exit outside. Electrical system has been updated throughout. This home offers great space, charming and unique features in a wonderful location...A true gem!'"
"'For sale: $449,900. This is a must see! Large gourmet kitchen with granite, stainless steel appliances. Great room with fireplace and built in bookcases, hardwood floors, 2 car garage, covered back porch and much more!'"
"'For sale: $619,000. None'"
'"For sale: $250,000. Preserve at Hunter\'s Lake this spacious home offers 3 bedrooms 2 baths, optional formal dining or study, with bonus room. Very open plan is perfect for entertaining with all secondary bedrooms and bonus area on 2nd floor. Large kitchen with oversized eat-in bar that overlooks the living room. Loaded with amenities including granite counter tops, custom cabinets, tile and hardwood flooring, gas fireplace, front and rear porches, 6ft privacy fence. Property is not in the flood zoon."'
'"For sale: $1,650,000. AMAZING WOODED CUL-DE-SAC HOMESITE, ONE OF WM CO\'S MOST CONVENIENT LOCATIONS! 6BR RESIDENCE, MAIN LEVEL OWNERS (LAUNDRY RM ACCESS) & BSMT IN-LAW/NANNY STE, MULTI REC/PLAY RMS, THEATER & EXERCISE RMS. IN & OUTDOOR ENTERTAINMENT OASIS,W/ IN & OUTDOOR KTCHS & FPS + PIT, SCRND & COV PORCHES, SONOS AUDIO & ADT PULSE SEC, ELEVATOR OPT TO ALL FLRS+ MORE"'
'"For sale: $285,900. The Crescent at University Lake, a luxury mid-rise residence. Offering spectacular views of University Lakes, the downtown skyline, and LSU Campus. Private gated community single level home with endless amenities. This unit has its own private balcony complete with built-in gas grill. Interior features include lofty 10\' ceilings, travertine stone and chateau plank maple hardwood floors, granite slab countertops, stainless steel appliances, and custom closets-just to name a few. Located on 20 acres of lush lake front property, The Crescent offers 15 acres of recreational greenspace with private 8 acre lake, jogging trail, and resort style pool and spa. The 3500 square foot clubhouse contains a card & library room with high tech media, state of the art fitness center, elegant hospitality lounge with catering kitchen, and private conferencing center. Tenant occupied until Summer 2017. Unit getting $1800 a month.**Photos are of model unit. Seller willing to paint to match model units appearance. Great investment opportunity."'
"'For sale: $224,800. Move in condition with wood floor, new kitchen cabinet, granite countertop, new paint, central air heat, nice size back yard, front patio, half finished basement in a most desired convenient living Passyunk Square of South Philadelphia. Square footage should be larger than it in public record. Good for owner occupied or investor.'"
"'For sale: $296,000. IMMACULATE, MOVE-IN READY AND ON THE POND....CHARMING 3 BR 2.5 BA WITH LOFT. OPEN FLOOR PLAN WITH TWO- CAR GARAGE. CONVENIENTLY AND CENTRALLY  LOCATED IN STAFFORDSHIRE.  HUGE EAT-IN KITCHEN WITH STAINLESS STEEL APPLIANCES AND GRANITE COUNTERTOPS. KITCHEN HAS AN ELEVATED BREAKFAST BAR AND OPENS TO A GREAT ROOM WITH BUILT-IN SPEAKER SYSTEM.  BRAND NEW CARPET IN THE THREE BEDROOMS AND LOFT AREA LOCATED UPSTAIRS. OVERSIZED MASTER SUITE WITH MASSIVE WALK-IN CLOSET AND EN-SUITE BATH.  ENJOY ENTERTAINING IN YOUR LARGE FENCED-IN BACKYARD WITH CUSTOM TABBY AND BRICK PATIO AND FIRE PIT.  MINUTES TO KIAWAH BEACHES, AREA DINING AND HISTORIC DOWNTOWN CHARLESTON.'"
'"For sale: $259,900. Location Location location! Here you have a well maintained 3 bedroom 1 and a half bathroom home on a great block in South Philadelphia. The owners have lived there for more than 60 years, raised their family and had many great times and memories. They cared for this home and now it\'s time to pass it on, could be you if you are looking for a home with good bones and great location. As you enter the home through the foyer with original wood and glass door you will appreciate the open floor plan and wall to wall carpet. There is a half bathroom just before entering the kitchen. The large eat-in -kitchen has original all wood cabinets and newer appliances. Just beyond the kitchen is a great Sunroom / laundry room with electric baseboard heaters, ceiling fan and is cable ready. Great backyard for barbecuing and enjoying the warmer months. Venture upstairs and there is a bedroom straight ahead, to the left a full bathroom and then two more bedrooms and a hallway closet. All the bedrooms have ceiling fans and the master bedroom has a large closet. The house has CENTRAL AIR and forced hot air heat. The basement is large and dry and very usable. This home is a very well kept home on a great block of Jackson Street. Make your appointment today before your home is gone."'
"'For sale: $259,900. Totally redone, with finished tile basement laundry area. First floor custom hardwood flooring, custom tile and granite, back splash tile,  kitchen with stainless steel appliances, entrance to new yard. Second floor two large bedrooms, new hardwood floors with ample closets, custom large tile bathroom. This home is a beauty !!!!!!! All new through-out, closing to the super markets, restaurants, public transportation...'"
"'For sale: $279,000. Move right into this beautiful home in the popular Whitman section of the city. This house has been completely remodeled from basement to a new roof, including new wiring and plumbing. Enter into the living room which features hardwoods, recessed lighting,ceiling fan, and crown molding. The dining room leads right into the kitchen which features stainless steel appliances, disposal, granite counter top with peninsula, slow close cabinets, tile floor and backsplash. The second floor has 2 large bedrooms with plenty of closet space. The tiled bathroom has a double vanity and linen closet. The finished basement also has laundry and mechanical room. The house is wired for cable. Front steps will be refinished when weather allows. House comes with 2 yr. home warranty. Owner is a Lic Realtor'"
"'For sale: $299,999. Come and see the newest renovation to hit Pennsport/Whitman at 319 Daly Street! This home boasts an expansive 1150 square feet, with no space left untouched. The restored brick front and new shutters provide proper curb appeal on this pleasant block close to highways, several Septa routes, the stadiums, shopping and Delaware Avenue.  Upon entering, polished hardwood flooring is carried throughout the combined living and dining space. The unique design of the kitchen, featuring stainless steel appliances, granite countertops, and custom cabinets, allows for easy entertaining, with a breakfast nook that is full of natural light emitting from the sliding glass doors. The concrete patio is a nice size for gardening or a cook-out with the grill.  The second floor has two oversized bedrooms, both with built-in closets, crown molding, and hardwoods, large enough to fit queen+ beds. The upstairs is highlighted by an immaculate four-piece bath, featuring floating double vanity, tiled stand-up shower, and soaking tub with waterfall faucet. An additional hallway closet is available for extra storage.  The fully tiled basement is a great space for an office or den, equipped with its own full bathroom and laundry area. All new plumbing, electrical, and HVAC have been installed at this property - no expense was spared!  With modern upgrades and lots of space, 319 Daly is a fantastic home. Pennsport/Whitman is becoming one of the hottest neighborhoods in Philly so make your appointment today to be a part of it.'"
"'For sale: $299,900. Brick front home for sale in the Whitman section of South Philadelphia. Enter this home and immediately take notice of the hardwood flooring that flows throughout the first floor. This living area offers homeowners plenty of space with its straight through layout. The kitchen has been buffed and shined and features new cabinetry and matching backsplash and island. Upstairs features three bedrooms with hardwood flooring and two full baths, which have been meticulously maintained throughout the years. The lower level offers a finished basement with multiple rooms and a half bath for added convenience. We welcome your visit.'"
"'For sale: $284,900. Fully renovated townhouse steps to Mifflin square park.'"
'"For sale: $379,000. Welcome to 924 Hoffman Street. This completely renovated 3 bedroom 1 and a half bath home is ready for it\'s next owner. The first floor features open living space, a powder room and kitchen with quartz counter tops, stainless appliances and shaker cabinets. The back patio has freshly poured concrete and a vinyl fence. Great for entertaining. The second floor has three bedrooms and a full bathroom. This home is walking distance to the shops and restaurants on Passyunk Avenue"'
"'For sale: $289,000. Newly remodeled home in East Passyunk. House was updated from top to bottom, the first floor features brand new hardwood floors and fully rehabbed kitchen. The kitchen features all brand new granite counter-tops, all new appliances, shaker style cabinets, and a deep farmhouse style sink. The home also features a huge 18ft long private back yard great for all your spring and summer entertaining. The spacious and Bright master bedroom has a large walk in closet. The full bathroom features a brand new vanity, wide tile marble shower wall, and pebble stone shower floor. The partially finished basement would be great for a second living room media room. The home is equipped with brand new central air. Get yourself a brand new home in Passyunk for under $300K!!!!'"
"'For sale: $174,900. Amazing value Home! This house is perfectly located in HOT South Philly area, just steps away to public transportation, restaurants, schools, corner stores, minutes walking to pennsport & passyunk square and minutes driving to center city, Highway I-95, stadium, air port. Main level features large living & dining room, kitchen lead to rear yard. Upstairs boast 3 good size of bedrooms & 1 full bath.'"
'"For sale: $215,000. Welcome to Lower Moyamensing South Philadelphia. This home is located on a large double sided parking street in south philly! The property has 3 bedrooms, 1.5 bathrooms, a full basement, and a nice cemented yard. This property was equipped with a new roof 2 years ago. Walking up to the property you will notice the brick and stucco exterior and the sleek steel door. Conveniently located near many restaurants and bars south philly has to offer you won\'t be disappointed with choosing this as your new home. The property has hardwood floors throughout as well as the beautiful natural wood arch in the living room. Come check this property out today!  Excludes: Refrigerator and new gas stainless steel stove"'
'"For sale: $229,900. Total new town home that is tastefully finished with custom hardwood flooring, recessed lighting, new drywall, powder room on the first floor, with large eat in custom kitchen with plenty of cabinet storage, granite counters with new stainless steel appliances, tile floor, entrance to nice size yard. Second floor three bedroom, all new with closets, new custom subway tile bathroom, tile flooring in the middle bedroom, ceiling fans. Large basement with all new systems, central air, new electric, plumbing, HVAC, basement already studded out for drywall. Newer windows through-out, central air, heat, two flat screen TV\'s, washer,dryer, refrigerator. Walking distance to Passyunk square, public transportation, restaurants, super markets, shopping, ect..."'
"'For sale: $369,900. Big corner single house, hardwood floor living room, second floor patio. finished basement.'"
"'For sale: $315,000. Be ENCHANTED by this MASTERPIECE which boasts a gorgeous brick front with marble steps and keystones adorned above the windows. This property will give you a worldly charm sensation yet leave you the feeling of living in a modern home everyone longs for. Gorgeous hardwood flooring welcomes you and leads you through the living room into the upgraded, chef kitchen. Originally a two bedroom home converted into a one bedroom grand master suite with a stunning walk-in closet. This space can easily be turned back into its original two bedroom layout. Incredible upgrades have been made to this home. Schedule a showing and make this gem yours!'"
'"For sale: $225,000. Welcome to this gorgeous and recently updated open concept home in hot Lower Moyamensing. Enter through the front door into an large living area with beautifully finished hardwood floors that run throughout the main floor. Continue into a spacious dining area, followed by an oversized eat-in kitchen with granite countertops and stainless steal appliances. Up the stairs, you\'ll find 3 large bedrooms with plenty of closet space, and a full bathroom. Exit through the back of the home to an inclosed and covered patio area that allows you to enjoy your outdoor space regardless of the weather. The basement is semi-finished and features a dedicated laundry area as well as a powder room. The location of this home is incredibly convenient and just steps from many of the great things that South Philadelphia has to offer including Broad Street, public transportation, Marconi plaza, and the sports stadium. Additionally, this home comes equipped with central air, forced hot air, new windows throughout the second floor, a recently replaced roof, and more than enough closet and storage space. This property is priced to sell! Book a showing today and make this incredible home yourself."'
"'For sale: $329,900. New renovated, three bedroom home, Custom hardwood floors, enclosed tile porch, living room, dining room, custom tile kitchen, with large eat in granite kitchen, with plenty cabinet space, back splash tile, stainless steel appliances, large rear yard. Full large finished basement with tile floor, new washer,dryer, all new plumbing, and plenty of storage. Second floor three large bedrooms, with custom hardwood flooring, custom tile bathroom, glass sling doors. This home is a block off of Broad street great public transportation, super markets, shopping, restaurants, ect.............'"
"'For sale: $229,000. Welcome to 2534 South Juniper Street, a renovated three bedroom home in a  great location! The first floor boasts a large open living room and dining room area with brand new flooring and high ceilings! The spacious kitchen has been remodeled with wood cabinetry, a new gas range, built in dishwasher and ample amount of counter space. The upstairs has three bedrooms and a fully remodeled bathroom with custom tile work! Full basement for all of your storage needs and a space for laundry. Located steps away from all the great city amenities and close to broad street and all major transportation routes! Make an offer today!'"
'\'For sale: $619,900. Located on the nationally acclaimed block called "The Miracle on 13th Street", which was recently featured in USA Today as one of the best light displays in the country, during the holiday season and one of the most desirable blocks in all of Philadelphia is this beautiful 3-Story 5 Bedroom, 2 Bath Home! Located just steps from all the fabulous restaurants and shops that E. Passyunk Ave. has to offer! Conveniently located just minutes from public transportation that can swiftly and efficiently transport you anywhere in the city. Walk into an original foyer with a gorgeous light fixture from when the home was built and beautiful tile floors. Spacious living room space with Pergo floors, large bay window, and original fireplace mantle - a great space for entertainment! From the living room, marvel at the original woodwork and walk into the nice-sized dining room with Pergo Floors that leads you into a gorgeous modern kitchen. This kitchen features beautiful marble counter tops and formica cabinets with a Stainless Steel gas range made for cooking and tons of cabinet and counter top space. Also featured is an additional side counter top space for your cappuccino and expresso maker. This kitchen also boasts a large Stainless Steel double Refrigerator, Stainless Steel Dishwasher, Trash Compactor, and a double-sized SS sink. The windows have beautiful custom shutters to keep the sun out on those sunny days. Tons of natural sunlight radiates throughout the First Fl! Large Back Yard with wooden deck and tons of space for entertainment. The Basement is full and finished - great for a recreation room and movie nights! The movie chairs can be included in the sale. The basement also features a full bathroom, laundry room with washer and dryer, all mechanical systems are tucked away in closets, and a large storage room. Walking up to the second floor via the beautiful wooden staircase with carpet runners, you will find a large hallway with tons of original features. The bathroom features tile floors, a tub and a walk-in shower. The rear master bedroom with wall-wall carpets and two nice-sized closets leads you out onto the rear Deck. The large front bedroom features a nice amount of closet space & a large bay window. The middle room is conjoined with the front bedroom in a "Jack-n-Jill" style. This room is great as an additional bedroom, closet, or whatever you can imagine! The 3rd floor features two additional bedrooms with carpets & laminate floors. Come see this!!!!\''
"'For sale: $330,000. Welcome home! Found on a highly desirable block in beautiful Passyunk Square, 1839 South Watts has it all.  This renovated two bedroom and one and a half bath home is one block from Broad Street and less than a five minute stroll to the fantastic shops and eateries on Passyunk Avenue. As you enter through your private vestibule, note the attention to detail from the hard wood flooring to the crown molding.  Journey through the living room, and into your new, top of the line kitchen. The kitchen has new stainless steel appliances, five burner oven, and new dishwasher for your enjoyment.  Through the kitchen, make your way to your private back yard- ideal for barbecuing, entertaining family and friends,  and relaxing.   When back into the house, make your way to you to the full basement.  The fully finished basement is a fantastic space for a home office, an additional bed area, OR entertainment center-- you decide!  When walking up to the second floor, enjoy the custom staircase that will take your breath away.  The full bathroom has a bathtub, and custom vanity with dual sinks. Additional storage space, can be found in the cedar linen closet, found near the master bedroom. This house is a true gem, in an established and highly desirable neighborhood. 1839 South Watts is ideal for taking the Broad Street subway into Center City.  Schedule a tour, today!'"
"'For sale: $229,900. Golden location in one of the most peaceful pockets of South Philadelphia. Cozy front patio for lazy afternoons on this wonderful block. Enter into an intimate living room featuring a coat closet and big windows for an abundance of natural light throughout. Our modern gourmet eat in kitchen boasts granite counters, stainless steel appliances, vanilla cabinets with glass tile back splash and a kitchen island offering plenty of storage space with it. Glide from the kitchen to a nicely built deck ideal to entertain friends and barbecue with family. This deck also covers the 1 car parking directly to the back of the home and a view of Citizens Bank Park ! You ll find two nicely sized, carpeted bedrooms with ample closet space and a 3 piece ceramic tile bathroom in mint condition on our 2nd floor. The spacious finished basement offers plenty of sectioned storage space throughout and boasts a half bathroom with a sliding door closet for washer and dryer. Do not forget central air and convenient access to Broad st, 76 s and i95. This is an estate sale, furniture is not part of the sale but can be negotiated with it. Easy to show, schedule your appointment today !'"
'"For sale: $279,900. Well kept 3 bedroom Airlight on a wide street in a very desirable area, with driveway and one-car garage. Features a solid brick front and large patio in front. Spacious living room w/ beautiful original Parkay floors, and hardwood throughout. 3 roomy bedrooms, and 3 piece bath with skylight. Basement has ~ bath and separate laundry room. Just minutes to the stadium complex, I95 and the Walt Whitman. Take a look, this won\'t last!"'
"'For sale: $359,900. Spacious 2-level w/expansive open concept living/dining/kitchen, & main level master. Updated kitchen w/granite countertops & tile backsplash. Upstairs boasts 3 bdrms - 2 with walk in closets, bonus room, & 340sf of unfinished storage ready for interior expansion. Covered front & rear porches. Mins from One Bellevue Place, parks, greenway, & I-40.'"
"'For sale: $315,000. Ever wanted a model home including the furniture. This beautifully landscaped lake front home in gated community. Features include open spacious floor plan with owners suite including sitting area and attached versatile room, perfect for baby nursery, toddlers bedroom or office and has its own closet. Home boasts upgraded granite kitchen counter tops, upgraded ceramic tile and baseboards. Including upscale cabinets with crown molding in the kitchen and SS appliances. Enjoy peaceful setting from screened back patio overlooking the lake. Energy efficient home with 10 year transferable structural warranty and  termite bond. Love an active lifestyle? This community offers playground, exercise/rec room with sauna, tennis, shuffle board, comm pool & RV/boat storage & backs to Majors Golf Club.'"
"'For sale: $365,000. Move in family home. Lots of bedrooms, lots of square footage with all of the upgrades. This beautiful pool home has tile and laminate throughout, upgraded kitchen and bathroom cabinets with granite counter tops, large customized walk in pantry, under cabinet lighting, salt water pool with matrix premium pebble finish and colored LED lights. Outdoor enclosed shower with marble, vinyl fence that closes in complete back yard, Trexx walkway in back, Kids farmhouse/playhouse. The yard has Guava, Mango, Bamboo, Palms, Banana, Tangerine & Lemon trees. Home sits in a Cul-de-sac. All this in a very low HOA community. This home is very inviting and waiting for you to make it yours.'"
"'For sale: $524,900. Vera Koon Team ;  Luxury Custom built home in gated golf course community! This Open floor plan, Custom house will impress you with its finishes and design! The home is currently under construction with an expected completion in 3 months. This house offers quality craftsmanship throughout with attention to every detail. The Home includes; Gourmet kitchen with designer wood cabinets and walk in pantry, Level 4 granite in kitchens and bathrooms, High end stainless appliances, 11ft to 12ft designerTray and Coffered ceilings, Crown Molding, Extensive tile work in all bathrooms and main living areas, Oversized guest bedrooms and closets, Grand foyer entrance with 8ft double doors and a Palladian window, Huge Great room with Coffered Ceiling, Beautiful Dining room with Tray Ceiling.  The Large master suite boasts Tray ceiling, a Bay window and Huge Glamour master bath. All in a Gated & Planned Community that includes many amenities: Pool, Tennis, Park, Club-House, Golf, and more! Great Loc'"
'"For sale: $202,800. Vera Koon Team at Waterman Real Estate proudly present the Designer Home by: SPRINGWATER HOMES / 80 days or less on completion as Construction has started on this Custom 3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 car garage home that offers Eco-Smart Energy Efficient construction in the Gated Community of BROOKHAVEN.In addition to many standard upgrade features, this beautiful concrete block / stucco home offers , split plan, Custom cabinets with Granite Countertops, Pull down attic access stairs, Recessed lighting,Garage Door Opener,Marble window sills, Bullnose corner detail throughout Spacious Great room, Full Appliance package,Sprinkler System on \'\'community irrigation\'\' well, Vaulted ceilings, Pantry, Indoor Laundry room, Walk in master closet, Hurricane Shutters & so much more. Quality Custom built home with personalized attention to detail in every stage of construction. Ready soon!"'
"'For sale: $140,000. Exquisite home fully rehabbed with 3 comfortable bedrooms, one bathroom, and everything new in between...new electrical, plumbing, HVAC, gas meter hook up, kitchen, etc.  Open to an ultra modern eat in kitchen with plenty of cabinetry, intricate back splash, steel faced appliances and hardwood floor thru out.'"
'"For sale: $184,900. Beautiful 3/2 home on city water/septic is centrally located near shopping,restaurants,schools and I-95!Entering the home you will notice the 9\'ceiling which gives a spacious sense. Sunlight beaming through window transoms allowing rooms to be filled with natural lighting, giving you a warm welcoming home. Split floor plan loaded with upgrades:crown molding,ceiling fans,decorative window casings, window blinds,designer drapes in great/dining & kitchen. Tiled throughout,new plush carpet in bed rooms. Beautiful kitchen,42\'cabinetry, island,breakfast bar with pendant lights,tiled back splash,SS appliances. M.Bath feat. dbl vanity with tiled back splash & walk-in shower. Gorgeous curb appeal,native landscape.Home backs to canal;oversized back yard. Oversized 2 car garage,plenty storage."'
'"For sale: $245,000. This Is The One! Large Corner Lot & Better Than New. Featuring Soaring Vaulted Ceilings, Open Floor Plan, Upgrades Galore Including: Extensive Ceramic Tile, Granite Counter Tops, Deluxe Kitchen Cabinetry W/ Crown Molding, Over-Sized Kitchen Island, Stainless Appliances & Custom Lighting Fixtures. Flex Room As You Enter Home Has French Doors & Can Be Used Multiple Ways. The Master Bath Offers A Corner Garden Tub, Double Sinks W/ Granite Tops & Walk In Shower. Master Bedroom Is Complete W/ Tray Ceiling, His & Hers Walk In Closets & French Doors Leading To Screened Lanai. 2 Community Pools, Tennis Courts, Basket Ball Courts, Exercise Room, Sauna & Club House. Walking Distance To Bayside Shopping & The Majors Golf Course. Please see Video Tour located on photo\'s tab."'
"'For sale: $224,900. Lakefront Beauty! Spacious interior boasts of great room, relaxing den &  Oversized sliders leading to screened in lanai overlooking water. Newer A/C & Water Heater, & Exterior paint. Easy care tile flooring & wood cabinetry along w/breakfast nook complete the kitchen area. Mastersuite includes dual sinks, roomy shower & lots of closet space. Paver driveway, new tilt-in easy care windows'"
"'For sale: $216,400. '"
"'For sale: $269,900. '"
"'For sale: $150,000. Penrose Park 3 Bedrooms 1.5 Bathrooms, Brick Row 1 car attached Garage with a long Driveway, Extra Large Master Bedroom with a walk-in closet & Powder Room, Formal Living Room, Formal Dining Room, Full Eat-in Kitchen with an Island, Large Screened Deck directly off of the Dining Room adds usable square footage, Walkout Basement with a 1/2 bath. Central Air Conditioning, Needs some TLC. Located in a Cul De Sac setting with extra parking spaces for residents. This is a must see. Call Listing Agent for more details.'"
"'For sale: $139,900. Welcome to 7814 Saturn Place, a charming row home in Philadelphia with one-car garage!  Enter the home into the bright living room that flows into what could be your dining area.  Eat-in kitchen is welcoming with recessed lighting and new windows!  Upper level master bedroom offers a long closet and wall to wall carpeting.  Two additional bedrooms and a full bathroom with tile floor and jetted tub/shower completes the upper level.  Walk-out basement has been finished to offer additional living space consisting of a powder room, laundry room and best of all a spacious family room that is perfect for entertaining with sliding door to the back patio and level yard. This home is conveniently located nearby several local parks, easy access to public transportation, shopping, dining and all the amenities city life has to offer!'"
"'For sale: $249,900. '"
'"For sale: $255,000. Beautiful 2-story 4 Bedroom, 2.5 Bath home in \'\'Heron Bay at Waterstone\'\' sits on a very nice size corner lot. This lovely home offers a formal living room, great room and dinette area off the kitchen with a pantry. As you make your way up the staircase, you will notice the beautiful dark wood flooring, as well as the bedrooms and hallway. You will be impressed with the size of the rooms and storage space.   Large Master suite offers double sinks with vanity area, separate garden tub and shower,large walk in double closets.  Inside laundry with laundry sink and folding shelf. Community offers playground, tennis courts, pool and exercise room for your enjoyment."'
"'For sale: $264,900. Gorgeous 5/3 located in the gated community of Holly Trace in Bayside Lakes.  Enjoy your mornings sitting in a screened-in Lanai overlooking a pond.  Upgraded kitchen overlooking the family room features 36 Maple Cabinets with staggered uppers, crown molding, stainless steel appliances and granite counters. Tile floors in wet areas. Master Suite offers a nice sitting room/office separated by an archway and oversized walk-in closet. Master bath includes tiled shower, garden tub, granite countersand dual sinks. Fantastic curb appeal including partial stone front, screened-in front porch and brick paver walkway/drive. Holly Trace has a clubhouse with an exercise room, jogging trail, playground, tennis courts and community pool.'"
"'For sale: $194,900. The Lantana Model by SanMar Homes. Great Starter Home. 3 BR 2 BA 2 CG with Tile through the Great Room, Dining and Kitchen. Vaulted Ceiling. Open Kitchen with Center Island Breakfast Bar and Tucked Away Laundry Area off the Kitchen. Covered Rear Patio.'"
"'For sale: $194,900. The Lantana Model by SanMar Homes. Great Starter Home. 3 BR 2 BA 2 CG with Tile through the Great Room, Dining and Kitchen. Vaulted Ceiling. Open Kitchen with Center Island Breakfast Bar and Tucked Away Laundry Area off the Kitchen. Covered Rear Patio.'"
"'For sale: $249,900. '"
'"For sale: $259,900. Impeccably Maintained Better Than New Is This 4/2/2 CBS Lake Front Home Located In The Highly Sought After Community Of Waterstone\'s Heron Bay. Upon Arrival You Will Be Impressed W/ The Extensive Professional Landscaping Around The Home. The Screened Front Entrance Will Lead You To UPGRADES GALORE! Featuring Extensive Tile Flooring, Highly Appointed Kitchen Cabinetry W/ Over Sink Accent Lighting, Stainless Appliances, Granite Counter Tops, Improved Shelving In Kitchen Pantry, Custom Master Bedroom Walk In Shower, Tile Back Splash, Double Pane Windows, Window Treatments, New A/C System 2017, Ceiling Fans, Utility Sink & Cabinetry In Laundry, Security System, Generous Sized Tiled & Screened Lanai.The List Goes ON & ON. Virtual/Video Tour In Photo Tab To View All The Inclusive Amenitie"'
"'For sale: $249,750. '"
"'For sale: $249,900.  Beautiful lot perfect to build your dream home!! Ideal location just in from Emerson. Many floor plans to choose from including the Craftsman or design your own home. Floor plan shown here is the Aruba Grand and is priced for that Floor Plan. The Floor Plan can be adjusted, but may need price adjustment also'"
'"For sale: $175,000. Welcome home! This beautiful and cozy home sits in a much desired area of Palm Bay near Bayside Lakes. Located in a peaceful and quiet neighborhood, yet close to shopping, schools and only 15 minutes from the river! Home has been freshly painted and cleaned, just needs its new family and some appliances.  Don\'t wait any longer...make this YOUR home!"'
"'For sale: $249,500. '"
"'For sale: $219,995. Motivated'"
"'For sale: $279,900. Super well kept, almost new, Bayside Lakes home on a lake.  Brick paver driveway, cul-de-sac for very little traffic, tons of space in family room, living/dining room combo for multiple options, island kitchen, walk-in pantry, massive master bedroom with tray ceilings, huge walk-in closet, double sinks, shower and separate garden tub, 1 bedroom downstairs, and nice calming lake views.  Plenty more to see when you come visit this home!'"
'"For sale: $210,000. Available now. City water - Sewer. Come check this beautiful home resort style located at Bayside Lakes in Palm Bay. Property is close to every modern lifestyle, from shopping and dining to schools, entertainment, banks and golf course plus traveling options. 25 min to the beach, one hour fifteen minutes to Orlando International Airport or 20 min to Melbourne International Airport.  This home  features combined living/dining rooms plus family room, tile in common areas, carpet in bedrooms, ceiling fans granite counter tops etc.. excellent view at the preserve in the back of the house. Gotta see it b4 it\'s gone."'
'"For sale: $274,900. Move in NOW, don\'\'t wait months for new construction! This Biscayne model is located in the highly sought Amberwood/Wellington Bayside Lakes Community. The open floorplan has 4 bedrooms (with Master on first floor), 2.5 bathrooms PLUS 5th bedroom/office AND spacious loft/play area/media room! Upgrades really make this home stand out: granite countertops, 42 inch cabinets with crown molding, tile backsplash, stainless steel appliances and tile floor throughout (except in bedrooms). Brick paver walkway/driveway with decorative stone accent exterior welcomes you home. Extend your living space with trussed screened in patio, fenced yard and irrigation system. Wellington has its own pool and playground AND being part of the Bayside Lakes community gives you access to the Amenity Center (large pool, playground, park/picnic area and tennis courts. 4,000 sq ft club house and much more). Put this one at the top of your MUST see list!!!"'
'"For sale: $244,900. Larger lot on a cul da sac. Only one neighbor.  Amazing sized study/office with glass double doors off the foyer. Maintenance free living, Private gated community with lushly landscaped grounds. I exude luxury with tile roof, paver driveway, 42 cabinets, Rounded dry wall, plantation shutters, raised vanities, granite counters in kitchen & baths. Huge Island. Under cabinet lighting, recessed LED lights, tile floors. Kitchen features Maytag appliances, all cabinets boast roll out shelves. The sideentry garage is over sized, room to store golf cart or bike. Master bath features an over sized tile shower with tiled seat, double granite sinks and walk in closet..amazing. Beautiful clubhouse, resort style heated to 85 degree pooL. Living at its finest. Gated entry with full  security camera monitoring. They mow, weed, trim, edge, blow and fertilize our lawns. Trim trees.We have walking paths inside the community with benches all around. Bridges connect each lake via dead end cul da sac\'s."'
'\'For sale: $254,000. Must see Amherst Model (built 2015) located in the highly-sought Amberwood Community, Bayside Lakes. This split floorplan home features 4 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms complete with vaulted ceilings, fresh paint and many upgrades including 42" maple cabinets, granite countertops, 18" ceramic tile and stainless steel appliances.Tropical landscaping with LED uplighting surrounding the home complete with brick paver driveway, walkways, patio and front entrance. Enjoy the quiet privacy of the preserve behind the home from the screened patio which includes a retractable SunSetter awning (15x10). 1 year Security System monitoring included. Ceiling fans in every room including 2 72in fans in living room / dining room area. Cable outputs in garage. Owner is in the process of finishing garage floor with Rust-Oleum EpoxyShield. Builder\\\'s warranty included for 7 more years!\''
"'For sale: $194,900. The Lantana Model by SanMar Homes. Great Starter Home. 3 BR 2 BA 2 CG with Tile through the Great Room, Dining and Kitchen. Vaulted Ceiling. Open Kitchen with Center Island Breakfast Bar and Tucked Away Laundry Area off the Kitchen. Covered Rear Patio.'"
"'For sale: $329,900. '"
"'For sale: $193,500. Great neighborhood of this 3 bedroom, 2 bath home in Heron Bay, Waterstone in SE Palm bay. Great floor plan with open living and dining space, nice size kitchen with informal eating area with lots of natural light! Master bath features large walk in closet, garden tub, separate shower, double sinks and water closet. Inside laundry room for extra convenience. 2 car Garage has automatic door opener. Large screen porch that backs up to Community wall so no neighbors behind.Enjoy the sidewalks andstreet lights throughout the community. Amenities include community pool, tennis and basket ball court,  exercise room, playground and much more.'"
"'For sale: $345,000. '"
'"For sale: $319,900. Please call Darlene Salmon at 321-508-2323 or Darrin Patterson at 724-757-8774 for a timely showing! Don\'t miss out on this 4BR, 3Bath, 3Car Garage w/Gorgeous Curb Appeal. Decorative Stone Exterior, Paver Walk/Driveway,  Pristine Landscaping & Lead Glass Door. Upgrades Galore & No Honey Do List! Custom Designer Tile laid on a Diagonal in Living & Dining Room. Kitchen is a Chef\'s Dream..Gas Stove, SS Appliances (Refrig. included), 36\'\' Bump & Stagger Cabinets, Granite, Double Pantry, Island w/Storage, Breakfast Bar & Nook. Master Suite is over sized & has elegant Sitting Area w/doors to Trussed/Screened Porch, Tray Ceiling & His/Her Closets. Bath has Double Vanities, Sile Stone Counters, Garden Tub & Walk In Tile Shower. Split Plan, Rounded Corners, Upgraded Lights, Double & Triple Crown Molding, WIFI Irrigation & Thermostat, Keyless Entry, Gutters, Neutral Paint. Convenient to everything!"'
"'For sale: $529,900. Vera Koon Team ;  Luxury Custom built home in gated golf course community! This Open floor plan, Custom house will impress you with its finishes and design! The home is currently under construction with an expected completion in 3 months. This house offers quality craftsmanship throughout with attention to every detail. The Home includes; Gourmet kitchen with designer wood cabinets and walk in pantry, Level 4 granite in kitchens and bathrooms, High end stainless appliances, 11ft to 12ft designerTray and Coffered ceilings, Crown Molding, Extensive tile work in all bathrooms and main living areas, Oversized guest bedrooms and closets, Grand foyer entrance with 8ft double doors and a Palladian window, Huge Great room with Coffered Ceiling, Beautiful Dining room with Tray Ceiling.  The Large master suite boasts Tray ceiling, a Bay window and Huge Glamour master bath. All in a Gated & Planned Community that includes many amenities: Pool, Tennis, Park, Club-House, Golf, and more! Great Loc'"
"'For sale: $259,900. Beautiful lot perfect to build your dream home!! Ideal location in Palm Bay. Many floor plans to choose from including the Craftsman or design your own home. Floor plan shown here is the Sanibel Grand and is priced for that Floor Plan.'"
"'For sale: $194,900. The Lantana Model by SanMar Homes. Great Starter Home. 3 BR 2 BA 2 CG with Tile through the Great Room, Dining and Kitchen. Vaulted Ceiling. Open Kitchen with Center Island Breakfast Bar and Tucked Away Laundry Area off the Kitchen. Covered Rear Patio.'"
"'For sale: $129,900. Two properties for the price of one! If you are looking for lots of space, then this home is for you. This beautiful and airy home has lots character and charm with high ceilings and crown moldings. Beautiful ceramic tiles thru out the main floor beginning with the enclosed porch to the enormous living room, dining room, and eat-in kitchen. Kitchen remodeled in 2014 with beautiful wood cabinets, tiled backsplash, and new countertops. Convenient laundry room on the first floor. There are 4 spacious bedrooms and 1 bathroom. Full basement ready to be finished. Big backyard connected to a Large lot with a detached garage (108 E Wyoming Ave) included in the sale. Perfect for entertaining or extra parking. Space fit 4-5 cars. Must be sold together. Short sale transaction and subject to bank approval.'"
"'For sale: $105,000. Great deal for first time home buyers. Across the street from a lovely ball field. Central air conditioning. For sale by owner who enjoyed this friendly community since 1992. If interested call or text 917-673-7106 Open house on Thursday 1:00 -3pm by appointment or call for private viewing!'"
"'For sale: $85,000. This affordable 2 bedroom home offers more than what is apparent to the eyes. The home is close to major streets, stores,transportation and schools. Modern touches added but enough left for you to add your own flare. Home includes a French drain and sump pump in the basement, newer heater, hot water tank, newer bath sink and toilet, ceiling fans and walk out basement.'"
'"For sale: $169,900. A beautiful rowhome you\'ll adore! This home features new flooring, recessed lighting, designer\'s colors and large windows for ample natural light. The open living area leads to a full dining room then gorgeous modern kitchen, complete with new granite counters, stylish cabinetry, stainless steel appliances and a tiled backsplash. Continue through the kitchen and check out the detached garage and rear yard just the spot for those summer barbecues! The second floor reveals 3 spacious bedrooms with ample closet space and master suite which is also a delight, with it\'s own master bath. Still need extra room for a family/game room or guest bedroom? The finished basement is just the space you\'re looking for. Take advantage of this opportunity now and own this beautiful home with style. Close to all major roads and transportation, what are you waiting for? See this home today! Disclosure: Listing agent related to seller."'
"'For sale: $68,500. Tenant occupied, 3 bedroom Feltonville row home. Rented to great standing tenants paying 750 per month, plus electric & water. Tenant lease expires 10/1/17 currently on a month to month lease. Heating & cooking are electric only.  Laminated wood floors. New Roof, New heaters,New electric panel, New windows, New eat kitchen with ceramic tiled floors. Spacious bedrooms with plenty of closet space. New traditional 3 piece bathroom with ceramic tiles. Rear yard. Please provided 24 hr notice for all showing request.'"
'\'For sale: $69,900. Spacious stone front row home located on a quiet tree lined street offering living room with faux fireplace and dining room with hardwood floors, modern eat-in kitchen, three good sized bedrooms and full hall tiled bath. Finished basement with powder room and  rear access to parking. Close to public transportation, shopping, area restaurants and major highways. Easy showing with lock box. Corporate Addendum must accompany all accepted offers. Seller will not complete any repairs to the subject property, either lender or buyer requested. The property is sold in "as is" condition. Proof of funds are needed with all cash offers and mortgage pre-approval is needed for financed offers. Under the Freddie Mac First Look Initiative, this listing is offered to owner occupant and non profit entities the first 20 days on the market. First look expires on 5/6/2018. Buyer to pay all transfer tax. Certified funds will be needed with accepted offer. Buyer is responsible for obtain the L and I certification from the City of Philadelphia.\''
'"For sale: $47,500. Efficient 2 bedroom money maker with rental income possibilities near public transportation. Brick front with a small front yard is simply perfect.  Generous sized rooms and plenty of closet and storage space throughout. Lower level has access to the rear shared driveway. This is a Corporate owned property, terms and conditions apply. Sold AS-IS  Buyer is responsible for the U&O certification. No seller\'s disclosure and addendum will be generated once offer has been approved.  All cash offers will require 10% EMD. Settlement may be contingent on recording of Sheriff\'s deed."'
"'For sale: $82,000. Move-In Ready! Renovated 3 bdr home on desirable block in Hunting Park Area. Great for investor or owner occupant. Tenant willing to vacate premises.'"
"'For sale: $124,900. Nice three bedroom 1.5 bathroom home.Property has a deck and a big back yard/ One thousand dollars selling bonus'"
"'For sale: $79,000. House for Sale!! Currently been renovated with new coat of paint. Hardwood floor on all levels. New gas range. Available on February 7, 2018 Waiting for a new owner to call it HOME'"
"'For sale: $199,900. Beautifully renovated property in Olney! Everything is done just move right in, new kitchen, three new bathrooms, all new lighting & flooring, all new high efficiency heating and central air conditioning, all new windows, all new doors and trim plus the whole house has been freshly painted. Other great features: Two car detached garage, front porch, finished basement with separate entrance and full bathroom can be used as an in-law suite.'"
"'For sale: $99,900. This large straight through 5Bedroom 2 Bath fixer upper is a great oppertunity for an investor or large family looking for lots of living space.Property needs work and is being sold in as is condition.Close to Shopping Schools and Public Transportation. Easy to show.Property has a non funxional oil burner.(property also has PGW hook up).'"
'"For sale: $129,000. Cozy home in Olney area of North Phila. It has good sized rooms, an eat in kitchen, and nice yard for summer time entertainment. House is recently renovated. It is ready for it\'s proud owner to call home."'
"'For sale: $129,900. Welcome to a wonderful opportunity to own a completely renovated home. Fully restored soup to nuts, everything has been replaced on the interior! Brand new Gibson Heater, all new windows, FIRST FLOOR LAUNDRY, new plumbing, new electric, new floors, new kitchen, two new baths. Boasting 5 bedrooms and 2 full baths, this home is sure to keep the household comfortable with all the space it has to offer. Move right in without a worry or need to do any repairs. This is also a great investment opportunity as it is voucher approved and expected to yield ~1900/mo for easy cash flow. Large spacious basement for storage, and a backyard space large enough for everyone to relax when the warmer days approach. Close to mass transit with Broad street subway, two blocks from TempleU Hospital. Schedule your appointment today!'"
"'For sale: $59,900. Great for owner occupant or Investor. Enter this fine home into the Traditional Living Rm. To the rear the kitchen and exit to the yard. Upstairs find the main bedroom, full bath and 2 additional bedrooms. The basement is great for storage. This property is currently tenant occupied.'"
"'For sale: $59,900. Great for owner occupant or Investor. Enter this fine home into the Traditional Living Rm and open to Dining Rm. To the rear the kitchen and exit to the yard. Upstairs find the main bedroom, full bath and 2 additional bedrooms. The basement is great for storage. This property is currently tenant occupied.'"
'"For sale: $44,800. Hunting park 3 bedroom, turn key, ready to move in home. Spacious size living room, dining room and eat in kitchen. New ceramic tiles thru out entire home. Newer windows, doors. Functional mechanics, new roof. Freshly painted.  Motivated seller. Bring all offers. Buyer responsible for U&O and clearing violations if any. Property being sold in as is condition. Provide to sell. Won\'t last long."'
"'For sale: $334,900. Great 4 bedrooms, 3 full sized bathrooms, a study, a formal dining area, and 3 car garage with extra driveway due to garage on the side. Property has a fully sodded yard with landscaped flower beds, & an underground sprinkler system installed. Back patio is covered. Living room has a metal insert fireplace with stacked stone surrounding with wood flooring. Kitchen has an island and granite counter tops. Great entry area with castle structure.'"
'\'For sale: $284,000. 20 KW whole house natural gas powered generator, In-floor storm shelter in garage, Natural gas, on demand, tankless hot water heater reduces energy consumption, Water softener, Full in ground irrigation system on timer, Driveway gate w/remote controlled operator, Two walk-through gates (All gates are lockable), Oversized three car garage, Break proof front storm door, Utility sink in laundry, 2" faux wood blinds throughout, Solid granite bath and kitchen counters, Custom cabinets and crown molding, Solid interior doors, Interior bedroom walls are sound insulated, Microwave vented to outside to help eliminate cooking odors, 99% efficient gas fireplace, Water well pump is 1/2 HP, 20 gallon per minute and variable speed, Prewired for security system, Exterior accent lights, on timer, Custom built-in desk, cabinets and bookshelves in study, Whirlpool tub and walk in shower in master bath.\''
"'For sale: $449,900. **For A Showing Please Call 405-802-1174**This Home is Gorgeous! Built W/Comfort & Quality in Every Room. Featuring a Vastly Open & Fully Functional Floor Plan Offering 2 Masters, Theater Room, Bonus Room, Office, Pool W/Party Lights, 3 Car Garage, & Storm Shelter all on 1.12 Acres. Enter Through the Gated Entrance Along the Extended Drive Past the Tranquil Fountain to the Portico. Draped in Luxury this Home is Better then New W/Tons of Upgrades. The Inviting Living Room has a Stone Fireplace & Surround Sound. A Gourmet Kitchen Features a Butlers Pantry, Large Island,  Premium Granite, & Stainless Steel Appliances. Entertain in the Formal Dinning W/a Beautiful Done Ceiling. Upstairs Is Sure to Impress Offering a Theater Room Equipped W/Projector & Surround Sound, Bounus Room, Full Bath & Covered Balcony. A Spacious Master has a Large Walk In Closet, & Trey Ceilings. Relax in the Spa Like Bath W/Double Vanities, Custom Shower, & Jacuzzi. Enjoy Outdoor Living Under the Large Covered Patio W/Surround Sound, Fire Place, & Grill.**For A Showing Please Call 405-802-1174**'"
"'For sale: $135,000. Charming 3 bed, 2 bath home in Mustang School District sits on 0.32 acres, one of the largest lots in the neighborhood. Across the street from the playground and basketball court, this home is ideal for families with children. Countertops have been updated throughout the house with Granite in the kitchen and both bathroom vanities. Large backyard that backs up to Green Belt property gives the feel of country living within the city, and includes a shed with concrete foundation. Other specialty amenities include RV outlet on side of house, newly installed fences with wide gate that allows entrance to backyard, security system installed, custom granite countertops in kitchen with deep basin stainless steel under mounted sink, and ceiling fans in all bedrooms and living room. Don?t miss out on this amazing home on an oversized lot.'"
'\'For sale: $887,500. Brand New Custom Designed..South Whitehall Twp. Parkland SD, "one of a kind" 4,100 SF stacked stone & stucco classic contemporary on 3 acres w/panoramic view of the Lehigh Valley..architecturally significant features include: 10\\\'ceilings,abundance of sleek white custom kitchen cabinets,granite countertops, SS appliances & gas Viking stove, upgrade designer windows, recessed lighting pkg, beautiful median stained hdwd flrs, butler pantry, & open concept family friendly areas ideal for entertaining & relaxing! Formal living rm, spacious 24\\\' Dining rm & den/office, Family rm w/fplc & French doors leading to a lg Trex deck, 4 spacious Bdrm, 4 full baths & a beautiful Mstr Bdrm Suite w/trey ceiling, French door to a balcony, M/bath w/ soaking tub and tile shower. Add\\\'nl 1980 SF walkout LL...80% complete, setup & designed for a guest suite, 2 roughed in baths, recreation rm and gym..Close to shopping, Parkland HS, 10 mins to LVH center...a must see property!\''
"'For sale: $1,100,000. Sale includes 210, 212 N. 5th St. and 211 N. William St. Very near Sacred Heart Hospital. One block from Art Center. Close to new arena. Public water and sewer. Total area 7,675 Sq ft. For sale or willing to discuss lease options with owner building to suit. Qualified buyers only.'"
"'For sale: $60,000. This three bedroom, one bathroom West Philadelphia home is perfect for first time home buyers or investors. Walk up to your private porch, and through the door to the living room with gas fireplace. Through the living/dining area is the kitchen. In the rear of the property is an outdoor space great for entertaining. Upstairs is three bedrooms and the bathroom. Original hardwood floors give this home character. Walk score of 87. Qualifies for special financing with 3% down and no PMI.'"
'\'For sale: $49,900. This property is for the savvy investor. Zoned RM1 Basic Permitted Uses: Single-Family, Two-Family, or Multi-Family Dwellings. Bring a flashlight. Floor is unstable, enter at your own risk. Property sold in "As Is" condition. Buyers are responsible for City Certification.\''
"'For sale: $69,900. Welcome to this well maintained 3 bed 1 bath straight through home in the Mill Creek / West Philly area. Enter this porch front home to a spacious living room with hardwood flooring, the home offers a separate dining room area and a full kitchen with a finished rear shed for additional storage that exits to the gated rear yard with a deck.  Upstairs you will find 3 nice size bedrooms with ample closet space and a 3 piece bathroom. The home has a large full basement , brand new roof (2018), newer hot water tank and fully duct with forced hot air and cable ready.  Great property for a new home owner or an investor looking to add a quality rental property to their portfolio. This home is close to public transportation and area amenities and a short walk to the area park. Make this your home today!'"
"'For sale: $200,000. End unit, well-appointed townhouse located within a small gated community next to Parkview Baptist. You will find stainless steel appliances, slab granite countertops, travertine backsplash and stained concrete floors in the kitchen. Living room features beautiful wood floors, 10 ft ceilings, 8 ft doors, neutral paint colors throughout. Master bedroom is downstairs with dual vanities in master bath, and spacious walk-in closet. Second and third bedrooms are upstairs, very large rooms and walk-in closets, and features a Jack and Jill style bathroom. Balcony on front. Attic access and storage room in back available for plenty of storage space. Privacy fence in backyard. Two-car reserved parking in front of home and ample guest parking available.'"
'"For sale: $919,000. Check out this Beautiful Combination of Form+Function in this 3BR/ 2.5BA Townhome. You\'ll love the High Ceilings! Incredible 38ft atrium fills this home w/ light! 2\\nCar Garage w LOTS of Storage + BACKYARD PATIO w/ Rooftop Deck! 2 Zone Nest Thermostats/Keyless Access - LOW $97.50/mo. Condo Fee!! Short walk to Shaw/Chinatown/NOMA/3 Metros!!"'
"'For sale: $4,495,000. Situated  on a beautiful three-quarters of an acre in the heart of Washington,  DC, this home offers wonderful space for entertaining and dining. Large  picture windows overlook the ambiance of water flowing through two rock  ponds and a large lush lawn. It is close to Rock Creek Park, embassies  and diplomatic residences, as well as easy access to downtown  Washington.A graceful, gated drive welcomes visitors, and is lined with fountains evoking the Manneken Pis,  the famous little boy statue in Belgium. This home underwent a  significant expansion and renovation, including significantly expanding  the main level entertaining and living space, adding a sunroom, second  sitting area with a wet bar, as well as new kitchen and deluxe baths.  There is a large master suite with a deluxe bath & steam shower, an  office area and sitting room, all part of the suite. Additional bedrooms  could be staff quarters. The Mediterranean-style architecture enhances  the ambiance. The gorgeous landscaping with the flowing water was  designed by a feng shui master. The driveway can accommodate parking for  15-plus cars.'"
'"For sale: $459,900. BATON ROUGE\'\'S PREMIER DEVELOPMENT THE CRESCENT AT UNIVERSITY LAKES IS A LUXURY MID RISE RESIDENCE. OFFERING SPECTACULAR VIEWS OF UNIVERSITY LAKES AND LSU CAMPUS. EACH UNIT IN THIS PRIVATE GATED COMMUNITY IS A SINGLE LEVEL HOME WITH ENDLESS AMENITIES. THIS UNIT FEATURES 2 BEDROOMS AND A STUDY, AND HAS A BALCONY WITH A BUILT-IN- GAS GRILL THAT OVERLOOKS THE POOL AND UNIVERSITY LAKES. EUROPEAN ARCHITECTURE, 10\'\' CEILINGS, TRAVERTINE STONE AND CHATEAU PLANK MAPLE HARDWOOD FLOORS, GRANITE SLAB COUNTERTOPS, WITH STAINLESS STEEL APPLIANCES, CUSTOM CLOSETS. LOCATED ON 20 ACRES LUSH LAKEFRONT PROPERTY. THE CRESCENT OFFERS 15 ACRES OF RECREATIONAL GREEN SPACE WITH A PRIVATE 8 ACRE LAKE, JOGGING TRAIL, RESORT STYLE POOL & SPA. 3500 SQUARE FEET CLUBHOUSE CONTAINS A CARD & LIBRARY ROOM WITH HI TECH MEDIA AND STATE OF THE ART FITNESS CENTER. ELEGANT HOSPITALITY LOUNGE WITH CATERING KITCHEN, AND A PRIVATE CONFERENCING CENTER. SERVICES ON SITE INCLUDE FULL TIME PROPERTY MANAGEMENT/CONCIERGE SERVICE, MAINTENANCE STAFF, MAID SERVICE, ONSITE DRY CLEANERS DROP OFF AND COURTESY OFFICER IN THE EVENINGS. CALL TODAY!!"'
'"For sale: $1,822,000. One of a kind penthouse with THE BEST views The Crescent has to offer, it truly doesn\'t get any better than this! Unit has a panoramic view of the downtown skyline and LSU Lakes, as well as overlooks the beautifully landscaped, year-around heated pool. The Penthouse has 2 balconies and a built in gas grill, one facing LSU and Tiger Stadium and the other which is very private, facing the side private lake and the State Capital. Featuring marble countertops, heart of pine wood and travertine stone floors with 3 fireplaces. Unit has been freshly painted throughout, custom built in cabinets with antiqued mirrors; surround sound and Apple TV in living room. The master bath showcases a free-standing air bubble tub with windows looking out over LSU Avenue and the LSU lakes. The kitchen is a gourmet\'s dream with a large pantry, sub-zero wine cooler, 6-burner Wolf stove/oven and warming drawer, sub-zero refrigerator and ice maker. Guest bathroom offers travertine tile floors with a white marble tile in the shower and tub. The office has glass doors with a view overlooking the pool. Comes with 2 storage units and 2 parking spots! Located on 20 acres of lush lake front property, The Crescent offers 15 acres of recreational nature preserve with private 8-acre lake, jogging trail, and resort style pool and spa. The 3,500 sq ft clubhouse contains a card & library room with high tech media, state of the art fitness center, elegant hospitality lounge with catering kitchen and private meeting room. Services onsite include full time property management/concierge service, maintenance staff, onsite dry cleaning drop-off and courtesy officer in the evenings, controlled gated access, trash chutes on each floor, first floor garage parking with assigned parking, assigned storage unit in garage. Must see to truly appreciate!"'
"'For sale: $79,900. This 3 bedroom 1 bath row home is located in the Olney Section of Philadelphia.  The property is currently rented for $800.00.  The tenant can stay or go with proper notice.  Property has hard wood flooring throughout.  Also close to schools, transportation, and shopping.'"
"'For sale: $21,000. Large 2 Story Row home, 4 bedrooms and 1 bath straight thru. Needs total rehab but priced to sell. Home is 1538 square feet, has an open porch and rear yard. In process of being cleaned out, no showings until 4/16. Call for lockbox.'"
'"For sale: $89,000. This is a beautifully redone house recently with 4 bedrooms, a finished basement, and a garage. Inside is 4 spacious bedrooms, new kitchen, new good floor, new finished basement. It is convenient location just minutes to Broad Street, route 76. It is a lovely move in condition house to callhome. current rent toenant. Hurry, won\'t last!"'
'"For sale: $130,000. There are currently multiple offers on this property. The Seller has requested that ALL final highest & best offers be submitted no later Monday 4/16/2018 at 8 am. Need big??? Almost 2000 square feet, this spacious twin home has 4 bedrooms, a fireplace and a big yard. The kitchen is updated. This property includes an open front porch, rear deck and a 2 car garage with a driveway that will fit numerous vehicles, no need to look for parking!  There is a yard next to the garage and then a larger yard behind the garage. There is a full unfinished basement with lots of potential. Lots of space inside and out, needs repair but priced well below market.  Make it your own, don\'t pass up this opportunity. *** SELLER WILL CONSIDER CASH OR REHAB LOANS****"'
"'For sale: $59,900. rare detached single in Fern rock, three bedrooms, one full bathroom, has an enclosed porch,unfinished basement,close to major arteries,mass transit,shopping. being sold as is, owner and and sales person make no representations or warranties as to the condition of premises, corporate addenda apply.'"
"'For sale: $159,000. Completely remodeled house .4 bedrooms, 1.5 bath with 1650 sqf over. New modern style Bathroom , contemporary kitchen with granite counter Welcome to this amazing beautifully renovated 4 BR, 1 ~ BA contemporary home features laminate hardwood floors, a modern open layout with gourmet kitchen, granite countertops, custom wood shaker cabinetry, beautiful tile. Stainless appliances including range, microwave, refrigerator and dishwasher. There is a spacious laundry room washer/dryer and excellent storage space. This house has all new mechanical systems with high efficiency Central HVAC System, new electrical system with 200-Amp main panel, new plumbing, new 40-gal water heater. This is a wide street with parking on both sides.'"
"'For sale: $159,900. '"
'"For sale: $379,900. Welcome to a house you will easily fall in love with and enjoy for many years to come. Victorian 6 bedroom, 3.5 bathrooms fully detached on a stunning block of Oak Lane. No detail went unnoticed! This fully rehabbed house features 2-zone high-efficiency central HVAC, new roof, windows, doors, trim, plumbing, electrical, etc. Upon entering you will find grand living space, hardwood floors leading to formal dinning room. Modern kitchen with classic charm will take your breath away, featuring granite countertops, beautiful island with a breakfast bar, new stainless steel appliances ( stove, microwave and dishwasher) and exotic backsplash. Staircase to 2nd floor will lead to 2 roomy bedrooms, 1 full bathroom, and master suite with beautiful bathroom oasis and walk in closet. 3rd floor has 3 additional good size bedrooms, with 1 full bathroom great for all the relatives and guests. You will love an enormous finished basement with half a bath and laundry area that would be great for a man cave/familyroom and more storage. Beautiful huge 2 tier deck will be great for summer bbq\'s and large enough for huge get together. And that\'s not all, there is also a 2 car garage. Too much to mention so DON\'T MISSOUT and SCHEDULE a SHOWING TODAY!. Owner is a licensed real estate agent"'
'"For sale: $145,000. Quiet, Convenience and Character! That\'s just some of what this immaculately kept home has to offer. It is situated on a block that boasts of tranquility and neatly kept front yards, in addition to ample street parking. Located within 3 blocks of the Fern Rock Station subway stop, you are just a 15 minute train ride away Center City for work, shopping or nightlife. With this twin home, you will own TWO parcels of land for the price of one! Yes, that\'s right - with the purchase of this home, you will also be deeded the adjoining grassy vacant lot at 6004 N. Marvine Street, which could be perfect for hosting a large barbeque or outdoor gathering, and even for additional parking. The 1st floor of this bright and airy home features an open living room and dining room and a recently updated kitchen with stainless steel appliances. Off of the kitchen is a mud room which conveniently houses the laundry hookup, and it opens out to the backyard and the continuing vacant lot. Upstairs is a large master bedroom which is facing east to capture lots of natural sunlight, as well as 2 additional nice-sized bedrooms. Dry basement could easily be finished, and is accessible from within the house and from the back yard as well. Seller is open to selling 1st floor furniture and mounted television. Come and see this amazing property while you can. It will not last long!"'
"'For sale: $169,900. 6024 N Camac Street is nestled in the Fern Rock section of Philadelphia. The inviting interior is full of pleasant surprises. Inviting and bright open layout with delightful upgrades throughout. Large brand new kitchen with top of the line appliances , new cabinets with soft close mechanism, beautiful back splash and complimenting ceramic tile floor. Three very large bedrooms on the upper level and two full baths. The master bedroom has a private bath!!!! The lower level is finished as well with a half bath, separate laundry area and access to the one car garage. Close to shopping. transportation, schools, and parks. Welcome Home.'"
"'For sale: $240,000. PRICE REDUCTION!!!   Welcome to this beautiful 3 story Victorian Home in the East Oak Lane section of Philadelphia. This four bedroom , 2 bathroom home comes with a beautifully maintained front porch great for sipping lemonade  in the summer. As you enter this well maintained property, you will notice a cozy living room opening up to a charming dinning room and a spacious kitchen. There is a tall fenced gate in the backyard for privacy. This home has a three car driveway with one car detached garage. The heating system was replaced in 2014.  The owners are very motivated to sell!!   Make an appointment today!!   PICTURES COMING SOON!!!'"
"'For sale: $299,900. '"
"'For sale: $249,000. Fully Renovated 5 Bedroom 3 Full Bathroom house in East Olney Section of Philadelphia.  Has a Front Yard and Back Yard and a drive way.  Floor are brand new hard wood.  Bathrooms are all new. Brand new Kitchen has tiled floors and walls.  Main floor has a full bathroom and laundry.'"
"'For sale: $144,900. Very lovely property the is the end of a row. Great block with extra parking on the side. Large living room and dining room with a very modern eat in kitchen. The 3 bed rooms are all good size. This home has everything that you need. All hardwood floors thru-out.'"
"'For sale: $169,900. This property is in move-in condition. It offers hardwood floors and carpet thru-out. It has a newer kitchen and bath. The windows and doors have all been replaced with a bay window at the front. This home features a powder room on the first floor and in the partially finished basement. The basement has a separate laundry and utility room which has an upgraded electrical service, newer heater and hot water heater'"
'"For sale: $220,000. Come see this beautiful home located in the Mt Airy section of the city!! Nice size corner Row! SPACIOUS 3 bedrooms with 3 FULL baths, hardwood flooring throughout, with finished basement!! Front, and gated side yard with shed in the back for storage. Great area with plenty to do!! Don\'t miss out come and make this home yours today!!"'
"'For sale: $174,900. Welcome to this 3 bed 1.5 bath home in Mt Airy.  This straight through property opens to a large living room with a featured Faux fireplace surrounded with classic Wissahickon Shist, hardwood flooring and a formal dining room with chair rails and sconces to make a perfect setting. The updated kitchen offers stainless steel appliances, plenty of cabinet space and breakfast bar. The second level offer 3 fully carpeted ,spacious bedrooms with the main and rear bedroom having his and her closets. A nicely finished 4 piece bath with ceramic tile, glass encased shower and deep soaking tub will be the enjoyment you have been waiting for! The home has a finished basement, with a separate laundry area which leads to a rear exit to the driveway parking, and attached garage.  All this while close to area amenities, new mall, and public transportation.  This is a must see.'"
"'For sale: $219,900. This gorgeous twin home is located in the highly desirable Mount Airy neighborhood of Philadelphia. Fully renovated by Scott Homes Inc. This 3 bedroom 2 full bath home includes all new stainless steel appliances: stove/range, microwave, dishwasher, custom counter tops and breakfast bar. The second floor offers a master bedroom suite with its private full bathroom, two additional spacious bedrooms and a fully remodeled hall bath. There is also a comfortable finished basement with plenty of extra storage space and laundry area. Property is easy to show and on lock-box, so make your appointment today.'"
"'For sale: $259,900. New to the market great corner detached property located in a beautiful section of East Mt. Airy for immediate sale. Well maintained Foyer entry with partial bath. Spacious Living room formal dining room both rooms beautiful original hardwood floors.Updated windows. Great wain scot moldings in dining room Full size modern eat in kitchen. 2nd Flr Master bedroom with full bathroom 2 spacious closets.  Three piece hall bath. 2 additional nice size bedrooms Full finished basement with partial bath separate laundry area Full size garage Beautiful landscaping ready for immediate sale.'"
'\'For sale: $185,000. Newly RENOVATED 3 bedrooms and /2 Bathrooms Rowhome in East Mt Airy area.  This property features stone/brick in the front and back of the home, front patio, and rear driveway of added parking. The first and second floor features an oversized living room and dining room with beautifully finished hardwood floors for easy care and maintenance, the open floor plan in the dining room connected to an elegantly eat-in kitchen with marble counter top and brand new appliances. The Second floor features three good-sized bedrooms with refinished hardwood floors and a brand new full bathroom, Enjoy your "man cave" or "family room" in the beautifully finished basement, also the basement features a full bathroom and Laundry Area. The house is within walking distance to public transportation, schools, shops and major roads. Do not let the opportunity slip by!!! Come in for a look, and make this house your new home.\''
'\'For sale: $129,000. Two-Story Brick end unit Row House, with garage and basement, Built in 1950(estimated), 3 Beds & 1 Bath, Hot air (ducts), Central Air, Connected to Sewer, Land Area 3,048 sq ft, Frontage 25.39 ft, Basement Garage from 15 foot wide alley in rear of property, Total dwelling livable area: 1,152 square feet. All property is offered for sale "where is" and "as is" and without recourse against the Seller. No guaranty or warranty, expressed or implied, is made as to the validity of the title, quality, quantity, weight, size or condition of any of the property, or its fitness for any use or purpose. No claim will be considered for allowance or adjustment or for rescission of the sale based on failure of the property to conform with any expressed or implied Showings are allowed. CASH Buyers Only ? No financing There is no Buyer\\\'s Premium applicable with the bidding/sale of this property.~ All offers negotiated!\''
"'For sale: $169,999. Lovely 3 bedroom 1 and 1 half bath Mt. Airy town-home. This home features hardwood floors throughout, modern kitchen and baths, open floor plan with formal dining room, large front and backyard, finished basement with attached garage. Large driveway in the rear. Lots of storage and closet space. Home is priced to sale, buy with instant equity.'"
'"For sale: $139,000. Welcome Home!  This Beautifully Appointed Townhome is Just Waiting for Your Finishing Touches to Make it Your Dream Home!  The Spacious Living Room with Gorgeous Hardwood Floors Leads Straight Through the Open Floor Plan and Into the Kitchen!  It\'s an Easy Commute to Anywhere From Here!  Walk to Shopping, Dining, Public Transportation!  This One Won\'t Last!  Call to Make an Appointment to Come Home Today!"'
"'For sale: $80,000. As-Is condition schedule this started rehab in ShowingTime'"
'"For sale: $162,500. Imagine yourself in this spacious, charming, and fully renovated home boasting over 1200 square feet, with brand new and open kitchen, finished and cozy basement, natural oak hardwood floors throughout, lofty first floor ceilings, and endearing original details. The home is tucked away on the fringe of the city in Wynnefield, just minutes from City Line Avenue, Center City, and every store, restaurant, or amenity that the city of brotherly love has to offer. Cook and socialize across rooms in your open-concept, bright, new kitchen, featuring soft-close cabinets, Frigidaire appliances, granite countertops, and ceramic floor. Retire in one of the three spacious bedrooms upstairs which boast ample natural light, customized with bright oak hardwood floors and gently toned gray walls. The master bedroom at the front of the house is highlighted by nearly a full wall of closet space and the impressive full bathroom features all new beautiful tiling, a large vanity and mirror to fine-tune your appearance, and an angled ceiling with skylight. Envision entertaining guests in this basement that truly sets the home apart with a fully-defined and significant space, powder room, large storage area with access to rear driveway, and ample lighting ? a perfect spot to socialize, read, or watch TV with friends and family. Kick back and relax in your front patio at the entrance of your home to garden, grill, or schmooze with your neighbors. No need to be concerned with the typical hassles of city parking as the home is conveniently situated on a quiet, wide street, with ample parking on both sides. This one won\'t last... Don\'t hesitate to schedule your appointment today!"'
"'For sale: $179,900. WOW! Unlike any other home on the market, this Wynnefield property is truly a something to see! Located on a beautiful quiet block with every extra you can imagine! The home has undergone a complete renovation inside and out! All new windows have been added and all new mechanicals have been installed to include (HVAC, Electric, Plumbing). The first floor features an open floor plan with a large living and dining area. There is also a powder room on the first floor for convenience. A new kitchen has been added to include all new appliances and tile throughout! In the kitchen you will find gorgeous cherry cabinets, which lead to a newly constructed large deck, excellent for entertaining! Upstairs there are 3 bedrooms and a spa bath straight out of a magazine! Other key features include a full finished basement with its own powder room, central air and many more upgrades throughout!'"
'"For sale: $150,000. Beautifully kept and maintained Belmont Hills row. This spacious 3 bedroom has beautiful hardwood floors throughout. Newer kitchen with plenty of cabinets and counter space. Charming tile bathroom with separate tub and shower. Partially finished basement with plenty of storage and separate laundry room. Garage with interior access. Come see this one before it\'s gone!"'
'"For sale: $585,000. Welcome to this grand 3 story Center Hall Single on a very private street in Wynnfield. This fabulous single has mix of wonderful upgrades with some original charm. Enter into the center Hall with oversized front door & back entrance ( both have steps to outside) with powder room. Diving with tons of natural sunlight and wall sconces. Living room with arched windows, wall sconces brick wood burning fireplace leads to sunporch. Sunporch is used as an additional entertaining space great for reading, mediation or writing. The second floor offers the main bedroom ( with tons of closet space), 2 bedrooms, 2 full bathrooms ( one with closet laundry space). The 3rd floor offers 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom ( with clawfoot tub). Basement used for storage, laundry area and powder room. 2 car detached garage with driveway. Most of the windows are updated thru out the house. Freshly painted exterior and railings.Close to shopping , restaurants, transportation and St Joseph\'s University."'
'"For sale: $449,900. For the first time ever, this beautiful stone home that has been meticulously cared for and recently updated, is now offered to the market for sale! In the popular Wynnefield neighborhood conveniently located within minutes to Center City, this home offers the amenities of a new home while maintaining the historic detail and distinction that makes this neighborhood unique and special. The newly finished basement provides ample space for entertaining complete with a wet bar and powder room. Enjoy the summer nights or dine al fresco under the backyard pergola. For the chef, this new designer kitchen has top-of-the-line appliances for cooking and a butler\'\'s pantry to showcase their creations. The hardwood floors with inlay is reminiscent of a historic home while the smart home features transports this home to modern times. The master suite and bath provides luxury appointments that every homeowner wishes for. If you\'\'re looking for a home that is filled with historic character, has all the features of a newly built home, is in close proximity to the city and has a feel for the suburbs then this home is the best fit for that lifestyle."'
'\'For sale: $579,900. Welcome to Wynnefield, where the Main Line meets the City! This Transitional style home has a natural blend of both modern and traditional elements. With 6 bedrooms, 4 1/2 baths, and two sitting rooms, this home has enough space for everyone to be comfortable. The first floor offers a sun-filled porch with an architectural-designed ceiling. The open floor plan incorporates the dining room, living room and kitchen allowing for great gatherings. The kitchen is stunning, with 42" charcoal gray cabinetry, large pantries, an amazing counter-to-ceiling backsplash, and countertops galore. There is also a butler\\\'s pantry for extra storage space, a beautiful mudroom made with reclaimed barn wood, and a half bath. The second floor features 4 bedrooms, one being a master suite with a private bath. The other 3 bedrooms are nicely sized and they share the hall bath. The third floor is quite special... this is where you will find the grand master bedroom, 10\\\' ceilings, large master bath with stand alone soaking tub, and toilet closet. This bathroom has views of the City skyline and is a great place to relax after a long days work. The master bedroom is extra-large with a separate seating area. There is also a bonus family room on the 3rd floor and walk-in closet. The basement is completely finished with the 6th bedroom and another full bath, an office, and additional family room. Other great features include; Dual Zoned HVAC, 2 original fireplaces, ceiling fans, 7" hardwood floor planks, a Tankless hot water heater, and wonderful built-in seating benches. **Home comes with a 1 Year Home Warranty and a 10 Year Tax Abatement!**\''
"'For sale: $144,999. Welcome home! This house has new everything! The first floor boasts new Hardwood floors throughout. New stainless steel appliances, Soft close cabinets, granite counter tops, and much more. This a home made for you. Enjoy spring sipping coffee in the morning on your back deck overlooking your back yard. The new windows throughout give you a view of the surrounding area. The property has high ceilings throughout the house. Your second floor has wall to wall carpet and ample sized bedrooms with closets. Get away from the heat, enjoy your central air cranked high! Time and care was put into rehabbing this house. You will love your new home. Owner is a PA licensed Realtor.'"
"'For sale: $159,900. St Joes  4 bedroom and 2.5 bath house is in need of  rehab, Good condition All offers will be presented, $7500 deposit and proof of funds will be required, AS IS addendum and buyer is responsible for u/o. Rare find and great location, retail sale price is  $349,900, buy this house and make some Cash, 203K or hard money financing only. All offers will be presented. recommend to use assurance abstract for title. Deposit must be received within  24 hours and certified'"
"'For sale: $167,999. Great New Full Rehab in Wynnfield. 3 Bedroom and 1.5 Bath  All new hardwood flooring throughout. Open floor plan downstairs with separated kitchen. Big enough for a table. White Shaker Cabinets with Granite Counters and SS Appliances. Living Room, Dining Room and Front Vestibule/Sun-room as a bonus area. Upstairs has 3 Bedrooms, each with closets, his & hers in the Master. Partially finished Basement with all new HVAC, and Central Air. Powder room also. Great location with public transportation just outside the front door. Minutes from City Line Ave. Pictures to follow in a few days.'"
"'For sale: $180,000. 3 bedroom twin home located in desirable section of Wynnefield area 3 bedroom with two full bathrooms and two powder rooms. Home consist of hardwood floors, full size kitchen, deck of the kitchen and has extra yard space. Price below the market but is great for owner occupant price reflects updates As-is.'"
'\'For sale: $225,950. This is a lovely townhome in the Wynnefield section of Philadelphia.  The home has 3 bedrooms, each with its own spacious closet.  The master bedroom has an attached bathroom with shower.  The other two nicely sized bedrooms share a hallway bathroom with skylight.  The open eat-in kitchen has new cabinets, appliances with a marble countertop.  The two windows allow ample natural light, in addition to the recessed LED lighting in the ceiling. There is a small patio in the front of the home that can be used for cookouts, along with a tidy garden.   The nicely finished basement has its own entrance and a shower room.  There is a large, clean and separate storage room in the basement for keeping all or your "stuff".   This home has new central air and heating. Solid Oak Hardwood flooring throughout, as well as recessed LED lighting.   Three minutes from SJU. Five minutes from the Mann Music Center.  This home is located on a nice tree lined street, the winner of 2017 PMBC Clean Block Contest.   Three minutes from SJU. Five minutes from the Mann Music Center.  This home is located on one of nicest tree lined streets in Philadelphia, the winner of 2017 PMBC Clean Block Contest.\''
"'For sale: $184,000. Well maintained twin home in the Burholme area  of the city, offering 3 bedrooms and 2.5 bathrooms plus 1 car garage with parking in the rear. This Home offers over 1296 Sq Ft of living space.The second floor features Master Suite with a full bathroom, Finished Lower level offers laundry room with storage space and  provides access to 1 car parking. Fenced in front& rear & side yards great'"
"'For sale: $159,900. well constructed  Home on very sought after  Wide tree Lined street.Updated Eat in kitchen.freshly painted Powder room on First floor. Gas Heating.Close to School..1 Year Home warranty/Buyer protection Plan.Wonderful curb appeal with Front lawn and patio.Hardwood floors on the first and second floors. this Home will Not Last/Please be Quick!!!!!Fine Home. possible!!!!location,location,location.move in condition .Interest rates may go Up.Buy right Now lock in fixed rate Mortgage.'"
"'For sale: $225,000. Nice And Cozy Starter Home, Corner Property With 4 Bedrooms, 1 Full Bathroom, Living Room, Dining Room, Eat-In Kitchen, Full Basement With A Nice Backyard. Good Condition. Selling As-Is!!! Close To All.'"
"'For sale: $157,500. '"
"'For sale: $194,000. '"
'"For sale: $235,000. Come and see this wonderful home with a large fenced in yard that\'s great for entertaining and for pets to play!  Enter from the porch into the living room area with front bay window.  Eat in kitchen with lots of counter space and breakfast area.  Plenty of windows for natural light to flow.  Easy access to backyard from kitchen.  Full bath on the main level and also an extra room that can be used for an office, gym or a playroom.  Upstairs you will find the roomy master bedroom with large closets, and two more bedrooms and a spacious hall full bath.  New window blinds on the first floor.  New HVAC system put in in 2015.  Basement offers lots of storage space and has Bilco doors.  Close to train station, public transportation, shopping and restaurants.  Make this home your own!"'
'\'For sale: $219,000. Wow? Come Check out this amazing Renovated home on a great street.  You will love this move-in ready, renovated Burholme twin! Recently updated kitchen features newer Stainless-Steel appliances, 42" cabinets, granite counters with beautiful backsplash.   Amazing open floor plan means you can entertain guest in your living room or dining room while you are in the kitchen!  Renovated powder room off kitchen is also the location of your 1st Floor Laundry Room.   Upstairs you will find nicely sized bedrooms, ample closets and a Fully renovated Tiled hall bath.  The windows are NEW, bathrooms are NEW, NEW electrical wiring, and you have a NEW heater and hot water heater! Beautifully Laminated wood flooring throughout and the home was freshly painted! This home boasts plenty of natural light. Almost forgot to mention the Driveway for OFF street parking! Home has a great front porch and fenced front and rear yard, great for family or pets!!  Terrific location with only a stroll down the block to the corner to catch public transportation. Within walking distance to schools and shopping.  If you\\\'ve been on the fence about home ownership, now is the time to hop off and make it happen...it might be easier than you think! Make this home a  "must see" and schedule a private tour today.\''
